
part 1:

Bye. Bye, everybody. Bye. Just give me one more, please. Actually, I'm asking. So, now, we just, in our previous session, we've created our 1st other one source, service, our 1st source, service, MIC. Get the shape of screen back again. So we needed a couple of integrations and we've understood the basics so far. And in today's session, I'm going to talk about all the miscellaneous options that we see. Remember when we activate an integration, we see options, and within the connection, we see a few options. So let's talk about all of them. And before we talk about those miscellaneous options, I want to show you 2 important things. I want to show you 2 important things. First, I want to show you how to invoke. I want to show you how to invoke one integration from another. And for this, when you build indications, you know, I see. When you build indications, you know, I see, please note that you can call one indication from another. I will foresee how it works. We'll foresee how it is done. And then I'll talk about, Then I talk about in what scenarios, but this option would come handy. In what's in our use, this option would come handy. Okay, so I'll just keep on this as AVI. I'll just load this as AVI. And I call it as invoke indication. And as you know, whenever you try to build an integration device, and if you have to plug your piece of logic into your integration, if you have to plug any logic into your integration. Please note that, uh, you will, whenever you, Have to implement logic into indication whenever you have to intimate logic into indication. What is a good term that we need to do? You've got 2 options. One obvious option that you handle is. One obvious option that you don't have is. The way I do, one obvious option is you can implement all that logic yourself. One obvious option that you handle. Implement that same logic, whatever logic that you have implement analyses in integration. Okay, implement that as is in the indication. And what is the 2nd thing that we can do our weekend? So check if any other developer from your team has created any other integration that you can average. So for example, if you have to send out an email. from your authentication. Instead of use spending 20 minutes, instead of you spending 20 minutes and configuring a notification code, you check if any of your developer has created another integration, maybe a common notification service, that you can just call, you know, and you pass in the input, like, what is the message that you want to pass? What is the subject? What is the body and so? To keep it simple, they know you're building an indication. If you have to plug a piece of logic into the integration, 2 options, you can either do it yourself in identication again. Or if any of your developer has created any such indication earlier, or if any of your developer has created any such indication earlier, you can diverge it. So just as an example, in this particular case, I say, for same, I need to do a fixed advance. So 2 options, 2 options available training. I can plug in that logic myself again into dedication. I can plug in that logic myself again, my indication, instead. What else I can do? What else I can do apart from maybe living in that same logic in integration? I can go ahead and see if there is any other indication that I can call. So I think you're going to play site on, and that would show me up and and I got to know from one of my colleagues that have created a soap service, which would do the exact same thing that I intend to do here. So, uh, if I call that soap service, passing force him, it would perfect, so then give me a better response. So instead of me putting in that logic again, the indication, I'll just call that other indication and critics and get it done. So how do you call an indication from another inner action you need to search for integration? And you say call, UG 86. Called by Eugene 86. Another one soap service. And we go and do our kind of within this project, both on this project, you go into sort service. going to soap service. And within the INRG 86. Another word soap service. I think it. And we're going to our kind of over the best project, within this project, you're going to soap service. You went to soap service. I'm within the soap service. We can take on country. And you choose an operation, continue. Click on finish. So what is it that we're trying to do from this last area? I'm calling a soap service. Using integration on option. And what is it that we need to pass as and put the card soaps, are these days? 1st name. And whatever 1st name I'm receiving has input into the, in a CPM, passing it as input to the soap service. And what does soap service go to? Let's hope service cut it right until my colleague has created what her 1st name I'm listening and passing it as input here. And this integration is going to perfect hello to that person name. Give a better response. And in that response, I have hello, plus that 1st name in the greeting. I'll just read that response and I'll send it batters, a response from my indication. I'll read that response and I'll send that as a response back from my integration. So you go into the medical? And you're able to see that, I guess, we are sending out a request to call a soap service. We were getting a response. And in the response, we see creating, in the responsibility. And you see a reading UCAD in the response from the rest of the as well. Okay, so from so you go ahead and just map the routine. Send it back. Not the containency, but. Validate. So what is it that we're trying to do? Just this API, if I test it, I pass it 1st name. I would get back the response, uh, greeting the response. And in that greeting, I'll have Hollow Space, the 1st name. But who is perfect saying hello to the 1st name in this integration? I'm not really implementing that logically. Instead, uh, since I got to know, instead, since I got to know that there's another website, since I got to know that there is another integration that one of my friend escalated. I'm just leveraging it here. I'm confident in passing in the inputs, I'm reading the response, I'm sending it. It's quite interesting quickly. And one important one days before I test it. You can call one integration from another. And when you call one intigation from another. Please note that the type of indication doesn't matter. You can call a soap service company API. Or vice versa. And the style of indication also doesn't matter. You can call an app to an indication. Thomas schedule or vice versa. To give it very simple. You can include one integration from any other indication. Okay, that's what you have to be in there. And I'll go ahead and activate this indication. And when we activate it, I choose a case there last week, but I'll be talking about this for 15 minutes. I'm not available, start discussing this entertainment.


part 2:

I'm not eating on Apple Space, the 1st name. But please, critics say hello to the 1st name in this integration. not really implementing technologically on. Instead, uh, since I got to know, Instead, uh, since I got to know that there's another website, since I got to know that there is another integration in the room of my, of investigated. I'm just leveraging it here. I'm confident with passing in the influence. I'm reading the response, I'm sending it. That's quite interesting, quickly. And one important one is before I test it. You can call one integration from another. And when you call one indignation from another. Please note that the type of integration doesn't matter. You can call a soap service from this API. Otherwise, what's up? And the style of integration also doesn't matter. You can call a natural an indication. Trauma schedule or vice versa. To keep it very simple. You can invoke one integration from any other indication. Okay, that's what you have to be right now. And I'll go up and activate this indication. And when we activate it, I choose a case, let me see, but I'll be talking about this for 15 minutes. Start discussing this in 15 minutes from now, we'll talk about it. We talk about each of these options in detail. When I activate it, I'm just choosing a tracer when I sleep back. It is activated now. I go and run it. 95 months, it has, you know, weeks, run it. going to get back reading as you nowadays. But who has terrific hallelujah, you know, Vixio? Who has critics on the, you know, Vixio? We didn't do it explicitly in intimation instead, uh, we were calling Hanover so service. Remember, we were receiving prosimas input. We were receiving close in India, which has input. And, uh, after we received our 1st name as, you know, Kings. We were calling her, another soap service with that, but we were calling her, soap service with that input, what a person I received, into my indication, I passed it as input to the soap service, remember, there is another instance I created for that soap service. And if I look at what is the response I got from that soap service, it is Hello Space in a week. So, so we speak that with my transformation for us. And I was just reading that response and I'm sending it back from my integration. To sending it back from my education. So you're receiving post-same as input? Perfect, simple, sending that as a response. Okay, now, uh, what is the benefit of doing this? So yes, you know that even now that we can call one integration from another. First of all, why would it come handy? Whenever you have to build a complex indication. You don't need to plug in all the logic into one single big indication base. For example, if you have to do more. If you have to do, say, if you have to take in 30 steps into your integration, maybe a complex one, you don't need to plug in everything into one single education. You can put them into separate modules, you can put them into separate modules. And you can call them out from, um, you can, you can call those modules from one indication. Okay, so it helps you to build indications in modular fashion. And we also have, so meaning you can build them into logical pieces and you can call them from an indication, and it will also help you when you pick common services like notification or either handler. Or is it high level? So, let me give you a scenario, let's say you're getting color indications. And, uh, in every integration, you, you would be doing the full handling for it at handling. And, uh, when we, uh, and what we do is from most authentications that people like, we usually send out even notifications. And remember, as you, uh, we will be configuring my notification in general input service. You notice that configuring one email notification would take at least 20 minutes. It would take at least 20 minutes. So, uh, one obvious thing that I can do was, in 100 integrations, wherever any presented email notification, I can spend 20 minutes each. And, uh, I'll configure that notification, which means I end up spending roughly 2000 minutes. Is there any other better approach that you guys can think of? in terms of we doing in this? Since we can call one indication from another, what we can do this. We can create one common notification service. You can create one common notification service for an integration. And in that integration, just you create that integration spending 30 minutes. Maybe you build that service spending 20 minutes of completing a notification, and you spend 10 minutes to test it. But after this common notification service is ready, everybody will build this integration in such a way that it will take in integration details as input and data details as input. I'm just a notification service would send all the details, secrets and all the details. And once the notification service is ready, once the notification service is ready, what is it that you're going to do? Remember, you spend 20 minutes to build the service 10 minutes to test it and once the service is ready. I'll just have to call this integration from all other integrations. And when you call these 100 integrations from your integration, all we need to do was, from your indication, all we need to do was. Just, uh, we we just have to call an indication, and when you call an indication, what is the behavior you noticed, when you call an indication, one indication from another? So when you call this indication, it configured, it asks me to consider input and I was also able to see a response. I've seen import, and I was also able to see your restaurants. Okay, so, uh, yes, we, uh, UCR request pay, UCR responsibility. And so I guess you can call a common notification service. You can build common services like services to send out email notifications or to handle those. Because these are the things that you might have to do near the indication, instead of you spending one hour or 2 hours each, to plug in those those, plug in that logic into the integration, create a gentric services, and call them from every other integration, whatever, whatever. And the 3rd scenario where this would come handy is or in one integration from another. When a change in integration style is required, this option would come be handy. Sometimes you might get a requirement from a client and client, stress, ability, education, and dominant going to model. You might spend 2 weeks or 3 weeks to build integration complex one. Uh, tubiliters aren't driven on application style, activated, UMI, is an interview shared with a plant. Client has started using or her client is using that application you hyper test your indication. Two weeks later, they come back and say, hey, person, I'm not going to schedule. going to trigger your integration explicitly for going forward. Going forward, I'm not going to create explicitly. Instead, I want you to schedule it. Instead, I want you to schedule it. How do you handle that? So yeah, it's already spent 3 weeks building indication adaptive and everything is working fine. Now you come back and say schedule identification. 2 options is, yes, I can create a brand new indication. I'm plugging whatever logic up, created in applications, and I get introducated scheduling. But what is another easier option you have? Since we can call one integration from another. I can call this ad driven integration. I can create a scheduled education. The schedule would be the trigger node, and within that scheduled integration, I can call that algorithm or frustration, because remember, when you call monitigation from another type, it doesn't matter. it doesn't matter. And the same for skate, you don't have to. So whenever a change in integration style is required, Remember, we cannot change the style of indication of a lucrated. But, uh, in terms of you reimplementing the same education again. You can create integration of other type, and from that integration, you found them. You call the entrepreneur schedule. And we can also call a JavaScript library from the indication space. Rimbo, oh, we do have a provision to call a JavaScript library from within the integrations that you win. Technical this indication. And I call it as invoke pajamascript. Whenever you build an indication in ICCS and when you do the transformations, when you do the required transformation script, it sounds like your way. Let me do this indication. And I call it us invoke pyjamas good. When have you been an education in OC guys and when you do the transformations, when you do the required transformation? I remember you have, whatever you have to do it. Can you know that? There are a lot of functions to when they article. A lot of functions are given by one of the grouped into categories, the group into categories. And uh, these functions would be more than enough for you to do the required transformations in maintaining, in education. And apart from these functions, you also have an option to nave an accessibility. And when you're enable accessibility, you would see advanced access and constructors showing up. Advance excessive functions also show up enough, Napa here, and you can use them as well to achieve complete synonymous. Apart from these, so these functions and that constructors and functions are more than enough for you to get. Or for you to achieve 99% of the transformations you want to do. In very their cases, you might have to, in very rare cases, you might have to do a date format or a stream formatting, or you might have to do some conditional transformation here. which you might not be able to achieve using these standard functions. Or advanced accessibility functions. Okay, so we do have that right function, and not just a contract case, you have plenty of other functions as well. But for a moment, let's assume that we don't have fun guy function. And also, let's assume that we get 1st team, I'm going to put 6 under to attend, because I need to greeting. So let's see how to get this done. Let's see how to get this done. How, how do we get this done? Oh, one obvious thing that we can do is we can go back and do a Chamo script app, UC library here. I can quickly search for a JavaScript library to contact any 2 strings. I can quickly search for a JavaScript library to concatenate 2 strings. And this is how it might look like. This is how it might look like. Uh, you have a chance to file. You have a couple of functions in it. And Indy? Ease functions, type of these functions, you can pass in that. So number in one jealous, you can have 10 number of functions. You can have any number of functions available. Look at one single almost file, and these functions can take into input parameters and you can make them require much it. And if you look at this, I have 2 functions here, one would take a 2 baraniasas and put another one would take 3 parameters. And all this function would do was concatenate those parameters unless I need to available. I send it back. I send it to a regular answer. Okay, now, I'll assume that we don't have the contact function. of AOIC. We do have compatent into other functions as well. But for a moment, let's assume that we don't have conduct function, in which case, I can quickly search for a JavaScript code, I can quickly search for a JavaScript code, which looks like this. And uh, you would save it as a Dot GS file, and they don't look at JavaScript is widely used. For your development. So if you need any chemical function, do a day formatting or a string formatting or any transformation, you need to know, you need to do, you don't have to sit down and write the code. It shouldn't take more than a couple of minutes for you to get the school in Google days. So we don't use JavaScripts. Frequently, you might probably use it one in 100 scenarios. And even in that one court case, when you have to use a JavaSip library, you don't need to write the code manually. You would just search for it in Google and you can easily get it. But once you have the JavaScript Core, you can go ahead and register the JavaScript like the EPR. You can register the Telescope library, yeah. Huge 86 compagenious, in code. And Industry has to find the C2 functions in this LSC privacy 2 functions. A 1st function would take 2 parameters as input 2nd function would take 3 parameters or support. I can register the functions. And when you register a function, you can also mention, don't work on the 1st function, we have to take the parentages also. And basically functions. Hugely 86 content years in both. Yeah. You could be just sort of a telescope like the radio. So, HG 86 compared to yours, in board. I'm in the service to find basically functions. MSG 582 functions. A 1st function would take into parameters, as input 2nd function would take the parameters. I can register the functions. And when you register a function, you can also mention, during work in the 1st function, we have 2 parameters. I can SN a meter type. would be 34. You can change it if you want. I don't know they just take 2 functions. What are 2 functions you have in A home? I'm trying to register them. I want to discard it because I, I'll delete this also. I need to change the name of the function. the indications there. I don't understand it. Got. And we can register the functions. Go back. I have to talk to Javas to play the re functions are registered. We can go into the application. We can go into indication. Okay, we can go into the integration. And what is it that we need to do? We go high time. We need to call the JavaScript line for the here. We need to call the JavaS today. And how do you call the jealous replay? To call the Javaski play, the reaper, you can provide in. You can go hide in. Into a hydroacting case, you can call the JavaScript, really, one obvious case, you can call it as a standalone note. You would call it as a standing on action. You have an action for Java State. Use that action. You set the function that you want to call. I want to use this UG, ED6, that message. This is a function that takes into kilometers, as it is. And I go some close parameter, but we want to pass. It is just I hope. All right, what's the 2nd bet? I need to do 100%. What is the 1st name that we did see? So, I'm calling a telescope function. I'm calling a mango parameters. Hello, plus the 1st name and the function is going to contact later strings. And I would get that response. So this function is going to contact those 2 strings. I get my written message. And if you look at the JavaScript, you can't really, it gives you back a written message and you can send it back as a duty. Good sending that was a great day. So this is another thing that you can do in indication. In most cases, the functions, even by article, in the map would be enough for you to do the transformation, but just in case it is not available. Then you can quickly write it our zip code, call it, pass an imposer, read output, and send it back. And if you test it, what is that we get to see? do a quick test one. And I say, Put on it. And when you're going to debate a response, but it was specific, Salokio. We didn't do it explicitly in indication. We didn't do it. We'll send it back to the talking. So this is how to get a Java schedule. I would get back a response. I was good function, I'm containing my Google. And it was a 2nd pan. And I was a 1st parameter that we want to pass. It is just an open. And what's the 2nd parameter you want to pass? What is the 1st thing that we receive as simple? So I'm calling a telescope function. I'm completing mango parameters. plus the 1st name and the function is going to contain 8 distance. And I would get back a response. So this function is going to contact those 2 strings. I get a written message. And if you look at the JavaScript that you called earlier, it gives you back to read a message and you can send it back as a greeting. Good idea. That was a great day. So this is another thing that you can do in indication. In most cases, the functions given by article, uh, in an upper would be enough for you to do the transformation, but just in case it is not amenable, then you completely write a source code, call it, pass an input, read the output, and send it back. And if you test it, what is that we get to see? Do a quick test one, and I say. Put on it. And then you'll need to get a response, but it was perfect to Lokio. We didn't do it explicitly in mitigation. We didn't do it explicitly in the integration. Instead, we were just calling a Java strip, like, the reporter, 1st American, so I master does input, united, its response and has sent it back. This is one way to call a JavaScript library. There's also another, another, more easier way to call a JavaScript library. Let's go identically check that. going to plow my integration again. Can I say invoke Jama script 2? And uh, what is another way to call the, call the JavaScript library case? So one obvious way is you can call it as a stand-in mode. I can call it as a standard. like this. Like this, if I want, another way that I can college hours to play, it is, are the way that I can call the hours to play, it is. And the way that, uh, that we can call a Java stick libraries. Within the within the map itself, if you're going to talk about functions button, dealing with this, uh, when I'm showing you the screen, exactly 2 minutes type. What is it that you have seen? Uh, what is it that I've seen? We, we have seen options only from hypons stream. We have seen options of people that wants to spring. But now we are seeing other option for user. Another probably, of course, we've seen another section called you certifying. And whatever Java stick libraries that you're defining, What would your house collectivity be behind? In that JavaScript file, all those functions would be available here. So which means we have the flexibility now. We have the flexibility now. A similar to how you were calling these standard functions. Similar to how you're calling the standard functions. We can also call it pajamasrip negatives as well. We can also call pajamas with braries as well. Okay, so I can go ahead and drop the this function. So, for example, I drop it a contract function. I can say hello. And I get lost in the 1st name as simple. I get passing the pros name. It's simple. Okay, and so much like how your body is standard function, you can only get a custom JavaScript functions directly from another. It's a put so many people in it this way, guys. What's the benefit of doing it this way as opposed to calling, uh, JavaScript, maybe as a standard code? If you do it this way, that means you can call. You can send the output of one function as input to another one. I can call the output of one function, asking for 200 one, so I can, uh, over this is one function that I'm calling and I can send the output of this function. Ask for 200 function. So you can have a chain of functions, you can have a chain of functions within the map, but if you would like it. Okay, so that's the benefit of calling a JavaScript library, but on hapodarity. Instead of calling it as a stand-up note. And this is a new feature that we have got, and this is what we normally use, and we have to go to Java State library. You don't see it as a separate node. Instead, in an upper itself, it. Let's go over and do a big test. And I can do a test run. I can do water strength. And after we've done it, we get a response. I need the response, you seek greeting, I know. And who has critics, Salokia? It is not, we didn't use a standard contract function. It is a custom jamas could, like, really have to be produced. to achieve this. So this is how you can call, this is all you can call a one activation from another. and a JavaScript for answer. Any questions, guys, before I go on to the next topic? Any questions from anyone? Sorry, I need a decimal. Oh, oh, yes, I'll. Let me activate indication, if I take this indication as an example, invoke indication should be activated. andactated. Now when you activate an integration, what is it that we notice is? When we activate an integration. We need to choose a trace level. We need to choose a trace level. And when we when we choose a case level or when we choose a case level, which was a case level. And there actually options for us to choose from. I don't know because the trace 7 that you choose on an integration. The place level that you choose on an indication, it will determine 2 things nice. It will get away. I go and register it. So you can call it, you can call it as a standalone note. You could call it as a standalone action. You have an action for java. use that action. You select the function that you want to call. I want to use this UGHT6 type message. This is a function that takes into kilometers. And I would suppose, but I need a bit more to mouse. It is just an open. And what's the 2nd part? I mean, do you want to pass in? What is the 1st thing that we do see? So I'm calling a JavaScript function. of completely mango parameters. Hello, plus the 1st name and the function is going to conduct data strings. And I would get back a response. So this function is going to contact those 2 strings. I get my written message. And if you look at the JavaScript that you called earlier, it gives you back a data message and you can send it back as a greeting. Good setting that as a great. So this is another thing that you can do in indication. In most cases, the functions even very conical in the number would be enough for you to do the transformation, but just in case it is not amenable. Then you can quickly write a JavaScript code, call it, pass an input, so eat output, and send it back. And if we tested, what is that we get to see? And do a quick best run, and I say. Put on it. And when you want to do it at a restaurant, but it was to fix Tokyo. We didn't do it explicitly in negation. We didn't do it explicitly main integration. We were just calling a JavaS to play, but of course you married, so I master does input here. I did it, it's response and I sent it back. This is one way to call a JavaScript library. There's also another, another, more easier way to call a jamoscript library. Let's go and we can check that. going to clone indication again. And I say invoke JavaScript too. And uh, what is another way to call the college hours like every place? So one obvious way is you can call it as a stand-in mode. I can call it as a stack. No, like this, like this, if I want. Another way that I can call the jousted library is, I like the way that I can call, which I was technically, please. And the way that, uh, that we can call, uh, JavaStip libraries. Look in the, within the map, I said. If you go into topic functions button, you know, when I've shown you the screen, exactly 2 minutes time. what is it a PFC? Uh, what is it that I've seen? We, we have seen options only from white ones to stream. We have seen options only from advance to string, but now we are seeing other option code user defined. Other probably we've seen. Uh, we've seen another section called you certified. And what are the JavaScript libraries that you have to find, whatever JavaScript libraries that you have to find? In that country, I will skip file, all those functions will be available here. So which means we have the flexibility now, we have the flexibility now. A similar to how your quality standard functions. Similar to all your quality standard functions. We can also call it a JavaScript libraries as well. We can also call pajavas to play playlists as well. Okay, so I can go ahead and drop the distumption. So for example, I drop in the contact function. I can say hello. And I did pass in the 1st thing, I said, oh, I can pass in the 1st thing. I said. Okay, and so much like how you're calling the standard function, you can call even the custom JavaScript functions directly from the average. So, so many people are pulling it this way, guys. What's again? You could have doing it this way, as opposed to calling, uh, JavaSlip. We have a standing report. If you do it this way, that means you can call, you can send the output of one function as input to another one. I can call the output of one function. As input 200 of them, so I can, um, But over this is one function that I'm calling and I can send the output of this function, as input on that function. So you can have a chain of functions, you can have a chain of functions within the map, but if you would like it. Okay, so that's a benefit of calling a JavaScript library in front of hypodarchy. Insurance calling it as a standing on note. And this is a new feature that we have caught, and this is what we normally use, but we have to call the Java State library. You don't see it as a separate node. Instead, in an upper itself, pilgrimage. Let's go over and do a big test. I can do a restaurant. I can do a test. And after we run it, we get a response. I mean, as once you seek greeting, I know we are. And who has to fix it up here? It is not, we didn't use a separate contract function. It is a custom JavaScript claim, really, that we accused to achieve this. So this is how you can call this. This is how you can call a one activation from another and a JavaScript right for the answer. Any questions, guys, before I go on to the next topic? Any questions from anyone? I think it does, no. Oh, oh, yes, I'll. Let me activate indication, let me take this indication as an example. invoke indication will deactivated. And activate. Now, when you activate an integration, what is it that we notices? When we activate an indication. But we need to choose at least level. We need to choose a trace level. And when we when we choose our case level, or when we choose at race level. We choose a 37 and there are 2 options for us to choose one. I don't know what is the price level that you choose on an intubation. The trace level that you choose on an indication, it will determine 2 things nice. It'll determine 2 things. The 1st thing that it'll determine is how many days will you be able to see this instance? You see the instances were getting created, right? How many days will you see that request, for instance, in the observant screen that could be controlled by the trace level? If you choose Trace 7 as production, you would see the instance for 32 days in observability screen, if it is a quantity, take a receiver. You see the requesting monitoring section of observatory section only for 24 hours. So the place level would basically trace 7 good control. Clay 2nd power basically control in hot for how many days you see the request in the observability screen. And what else we can see? What else we can see? We can also see what details are capturing back to this thing. Okay, so, the case they were going to choose here would also control what the level of details could be captured back to the stream. Okay, those are the 2 things that are placed on them would determine. So let's use the price level as production and when you choose production, what could happen? Whatever activities you have outside a loop. And invoke a longer activity inside the room, 1st of all, please. We can cover loops so far. But in the next indication that we do find transfer service, we will understand the usage of each group. And when we do the journal input service, we use a line loop. But for now, uh, yes, we can, I use use use it out, but note that if you choose a taste of less production, all activities outside loop. And couple of activities within the loop, we capture an activity screen. And what about data is generated would be available for 32 days in the activity stream. Do you choose place of rest production activated? Here we go, I can run it. I don't want to choose trace level as Correction. Got it. And when you have an indication, I remember when I activated indication, I choose to place the mass production. What does it mean? It means that, uh, when you choose to trace them as production, you see an instance ID, and whatever actions have happened within the education, it is captured in activity screen. But you don't see payloads capture anywhere. You don't see payloads captured anywhere in the indication. And for how many days will you see this instance ID in abs over this screen, right? But how many days will you see that? In terms of ability screen, you went to observability? into indications. I'll be able to see this instance, in this instance, I'll be able to see an instance of screen for 32 days. If the race level is production, if the trace level is production. Then you would be able to see this instance for 32 days in observability. the 1st point, and the 2nd point is inactivity stream, inactivity stream, you will just see the, even the see the notes, the date in a time stamp. But you will not see payrolls anywhere. You will not see payrolls anything. And production is what we normally use in a production OIC instance. But what are the options that we have, please? I'm going to deactivate it again. When I reactivate it. Does I'm going to choose a card? I'm going to choose a court this time. And when you say audit, what do you think would happen when you say audit? Accolate it. Auditive activity, authentication. And I go ahead and run it. I would call it a traceable escort it. And when you say the trace level as auditory is a behavior that you notice, is. We can open that indication from here. We can open that indication from you. If the place level is on it, 1st of all, this instance will be available in instance, a screen, only for 8 days, not for 32 days. And if the trace level is accorded, if the trace level that you have chosen is audit, what would happen? Whatever details that we have seen in production, whatever details you see in production, you see those details, players, you will also see payloads at the request and the response notes, and you will also see the payloads if you are invoking another indication. If you're invoking another dedication, raising the other people, we will be seeing the request under response payrolls as well. It's going to be similar because under responsibilities. So what is it that we do now? So carbon, we call an integration. If you choose the 37, so it may activate it, if you choose it as caught it. Whatever you get to see in production you see it. Three questions will be available, right? It is an absorbity scheme. Insure 32 days, one additional difference is you see the payloads captured. Hit the start mode, and when you call the integrations, you will be able to see the big question responsibility. I would say as well. Since this is a getting point, I'm not receiving any request pay, not as input, only a deadly parameter. That's why you don't see any bailotium, and you see bailotium in owning the response. You see the payroll anything? Okay in that response. And we don't see the payloads captured at any mode. We don't see the payloads captured. Only a request response and when you are calling other indications, you see a, you see a 0 set. Okay, so this is either one that you need to be aware of and what I want. And when we use audit, we normally use it in a very instance so that the payouts would be captured at important places, not everywhere. And what's the 3rd level that be happens? Go to the C book, and then you choose to place them asleep, but 1st of all, you'll see that you can get soty for 24 hours, it come on a trade section. Plus, uh, at each and every note, you would see the payloads captured. You see the payloads captured at each and every boat. And a couple of reasons why it is not recommended to use the steamworking production. A couple of reasons why you should not use this introduction. It will seal on your system because I remember, Every node, lock fund needs to be generated, information has to be put into an out file. Hyperlink would be made available in activity scheme. So it is bound to slow on your system. And it would also cause a security risk. It would also go to security risk. Okay, for these 2 reasons, it might slow down your system, and it might also cause a security risk. It might also force a secular biggest gas for. Okay, so these are the 2 reasons. Why, we should not use to trace 7 people in production instance, especially because we are dealing with actual payloads like it by your bank information. That would be related to the north, which is a security risk. And since loppers are created, it intended, we know, it could also slow up your system. So that's why we should not be using a T button production instance and we will be using D-Bug in DMSIT instance. And please notice this tea, but it's like a lightsaber for you and me, meaning indications better list. When we build complex integrations, we normally use the people traceable in diminisity instances, so that when your integration goes through rigorous testing. Bring the testing cycles. If any integration instances us out. Over the help of D-buttrace level, we can easily figure out what's going on and why. This is like a lifesaber color, say, so after we build a 30 degration, which is final transfer service. I'll show you how deliveries this as a developer to debug your indications. But please note that this option would be available. I mean, we use our option, India. No NSA instances. And once it is activated, you go ahead and learn it. I know, but you don't need UC, I suppose. And this particular integration instance would also be available here. That political indication instance is also available here. And when you're going to WAP, you would be able to see, 1st of all, this instance, will be available only for the forecast. And we were given proto 4 hours. And at each and every node, since we have set a faces, I see, but you see the patos captured. at each and every no dmindication. Since so many log fans are generated and generated for every education instance, it would slow down the system. So it's not recommended in production anymore, man. And since the actual inputs that we receive are locked into arkle mode files, it is also a secret risk. Production. 32 days. Only the activities would be captured, mobile loads. Audit, 8 days, activity plus payloads, in this request response note, and all payloads also get captured when you call education. And we normally use the same evating instance and debug. You see the payrolls capture the each and every mode of indication. You see a paper's capture at each and there be no identification. And we should be able to we should be able to understand what's going on. And other state, I will be there only for 24 hours. I will use the sentiment a setting instance. And it will help you quite a bit when you have to debug your indication. So whenever an indication is out, you will see that particular noding, right? And I can immediately go to that note, look at it. And I can also look at what is a payload past us input to that in that note so that I can easily figure out what's going wrong. What's going on? Please, in all case, these, and the moment I say this, one of you might be waiting to us. Okay, it's an old story is fine. Replaceable, different retention periods, different details getting captured. But how do we leave issues in production? You said production, we choose production instance, right? production instance, which was a place of less production. We're not seeing payloads captured anywhere. How do we do the issues in production? So the way, how we deep issues and production races. So whenever an integration is okay, so when you activate the integration, which will space the best production? And by the time you turn the integration and production, your integration would have interest 100 times. In various testing cycles for various interviews. And when you're in indication resort in production, you should, in all probability, know what would be the reason. In very weird cases, you might not know what's going on. And in such cases, in rare cases where you're not able to understand what's going on. I can go to, and if an indication is, you know, I see what would happen is, any integration that is, so, you know, I see instance, you would be able to see that they are showing up in a parent hospital. You would be able to see the data shouldn't have been at a hospital. And please note one important point is, you have some of the heroes that you get in, some of the errors that you, that you get. Are, you can you can retry those errors. Some of those errors that you get are you can you can definitely retry them. So, so, for example, if you have another like this, let me just search one area that we can try. Just want to. See a neighbor that we can read. For example, if you take this, I don't know, if you take this instance, that integration, disintegration instance, I said it out, I'm going to try to argue a file, like one of the road, it doesn't it out. And assume that this indication is out in production with a case illness production, and you don't have any details captured. Even though this integration was tested 100 times before, you were still not able to figure what went wrong. In such case, you can take an exception approval. And you can resubmit a eroding instance of failed instance, you can resubmit a failed instance, choosing a different race level. When they activate education and production, we choose production trace. But when we want to be submitted, we would be choosing a case of in our speaker. I would be choosing at least 7 and C work. So that only for that particular indication instance, the case would be captured, race would be captured. Okay, so this way you'll be with medications. So that's about the tracing options available, but you know, I see. We do help you with the miscellaneous options that we need to talk about, guys. We'll do that in tomorrow's session and then we'll proceed with the next indication, which is fine transfer service. Any questions from human rights with regards to the 37s? Actually, the 32 days, days, and 24 hours, is the standard number? It is not configurable. It's a standard fix to figures. Okay. So during the creating, the interesting question, when the integration testing phase, then generally will keep the case over. David is doing S-I-T-D-bug. person? Okay. UAT audit, production production. Oh, UT is audit. Okay. Okay, so much. So a job is running in production for like past 15, 20 days, percent, and for whatever reason, the job failed today. So I want to debuck it, so I rechanged it to, 1st of all, indication cannot run for 50-20 days. No, no, I'll tell you basically... Okay, one day you don't know what you're saying. Yes, want to put a error out? I wanted to know what is the issue. So I resubmitted the job with a debug status. So after that, I was able to resolve. In that case, will I still be seeing, I mean, like later I resolved it and reactivated it with production again, okay? So will the log exist like past 15, 20 days log exist or it will be wiped out? Like, why would it exist? Okay. Yeah. Only that particular runway, which you need with rebook, you might be able to find a lot, but by any other instance, you won't have that long. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah, uh. Yeah, yeah, go ahead. I'll switch it and I'll come to you next. Yeah, so, uh, I want to ask, uh, who basically changes these application type, whether to be production and audit? Because when the team is developing, they might be using the people who win, you know, when the team builds it, and they use the book option, when we deploy the integrations to UAT. We don't ask 10 developers to debate their quotes of lately. There would be one person taking an ownership and deploy on the go. And that was the most variable. What Deepak state is in, what status, trade status they need to sell it? Okay, and we would be using UAD for modit for UAD and production for production. It more like a process control that you do. Okay, we'll be covering this deployment part of it? Okay, correct. in a detail session. Okay, thank you. Yes, we can. Yes, especially easily to lost class. So you said if you are using the same indication to people, you'd get too awkward, right? So it will happen, only edit more, right? Not in the view mode. Correct. Absolutely. Okay. Yes, I manage. Can we export these logs? You don't, you don't have an option to export it. You just have to copy and paste it manually. You can download it. download it and keep it by your reference if you want. If you go in here. So the reason why I'm asking is, I mean, like in our current project, right? We expect ODI logs, basically. It's an easy to do... to gives you an option to download the lost, yeah. Uh, one option is you can download the logs and um, to use it. But another company, if you want to do some automation, what you can do is you have SAP is given by art, and if you call them, passing Hong Kong, one into one or SAP, you can identify what indications are. And you do to them and another AP that you call, it will get you to loss. You can pull them and you can upload it to any deposit 31. We do have a manual option to download the locks as well. Oh, okay, got it. Thank you. Be an extra person. And uh, my question was like, if we have created any integration, I'm using any name and adapter, like by mistake, if we have chosen a wrong name or wrong adapter, it can be remove or modify it in any way or is it like, do we need to recreate again? If it is not a trigger, you can change it. If it is a trigger, you can change it from schedule to have driven, from schedule, no, you can select, change it to a connection. But if it is app driven, that you have configured, you have configuratory connection, then you cannot remove the ad apparently in a moment. Except a trigger application note, everything else can be changed. Even the name of the integration as well, right? Name of integration, so you can change now. So, for example, I created this integration, let me reactivate it. You didn't like this name. How do I do it? You could deactivate 1st and then we can change them. Yeah, yes. you going to settings, then you can change it. But you need to react to identication first. Yeah, I think it okay. And also, one more question I have was, yesterday while creating this whole integration, we have used only one operation, like greeting. In that in the distance, we have other operations. So if we need to use that other operation, do we need to cover? You have to create us, you know, that operation, right? Don't don't go to any work. We are not covering work so far. Okay, we'll be covering it and detaining the journal input service. If you want to implement other operations, you will have to create another soap service. But can we use that existing connection, right? The same connection? Same connection. Correct, yes, but you cannot use the same implication. Because when one soap service, you can have only one, you can only limit one objection.
