Hello, everyone. Good morning. I'm shave my screen. Yeah, into a session. We are done with file transfer service yesterday. We discussed the debugging and scheduling options and we would get started with the core involved integrations today. We'll get started with the core important indications today. Okay? So, uh, I'm going to say it in the initial 20 minutes in the initial 20 minutes. I'm going to set the context for the next 4 integrations that we're going to build. I'm going to set the context for the next 4 integrations that we're going to build, which is very key. Which is very, very important. It's very weak. And if you're not, if any client implements a fusion cloud application. If any client implements fusion cloud application and when they collide with that. Please note that A client is just replacing their ERP system. Client is just replacing their current ERV system with future cloud. Even after a client goes live with Fusion Cloud. Clients would usually have a lot of other systems. Clients would usually have a lot of other systems in their ID landscape. For example, a banking line might have a code banking system. Mayor journals get they're created. They might have a billing system, their invoices get created. Or they might be getting exchange rates from external vendor like Bloomberg. So there would be a requirement whenever any client implements fusion glove, there would be a requirement to build a lot of important indications. Meaning integrations require to load the data from other systems into fusion cloud, to load the data from other systems into fusion cloud. That is what we call as inbound integrations. So we'll be building 4 integrations which chip in here. And with the help of those integrations, we'll understand how to load the data from other systems into fusion plug. And at the same time, at the same time, we also have to build, at the same time, we also have to build outpone integrations as well, outbone indications as well, meaning integrations required to extract the data from fusion cloud and send it to other systems. And send it to other systems. Okay. And I will be focusing on albums, I'll conflu integrations towards the 2nd half of the course. So, uh, now we'll be building 4 integrations related to inbound, and that would take roughly 2 to 3 weeks. And uh, After that, towards the 2nd half of the integrations, uh, we would be focusing on building the output. Or one cross. Now, when it comes to building inbound integrations, you know, I see, when it comes to building involvement indications, you know, I see. Meaning integration to load the data into fusion cloud. There are 2 possible approaches you could follow. While based. Or a web service based. Alicianos, Prasad, who is going to tell me which approach I should follow in my integration. Who is going to tell me whether I have to follow or file based over Web service-based approach medications. Web service based. No, it's not it's not either or. It is basically. Like it depends on the scenario. Okay? So the 1st thing is, when you've really integrations, nobody is going to come to you and say, if this other unit to use file based approach. Or you need to use web service based approach. Instead, there are a few questions that you need to ask the client or whenever you get an integration scenario, you need to ask a few questions to that client. And based on the response that you will get, Based on the response that we get to these questions, we decide which approach to follow. Now, what are the questions that we need to ask ourselves as the client puts the volume we need to deal with? Are we talking about 100s or 1000s? Whether a source system can call a web service, whether a source system can call a web service, does it have the capability, yes or no? In what format source system will provide the data? Does it provide only to data in XML or JSON format, or can it also provide the data? in a CSV or other formats as well. And how frequently the service needs to be called. Is it going to be every day, every one hour, every 5 minutes? And how soon the data should be reflected in target system. How soon the data should be reflected in target system. Okay. So let's say we are doing an implementation project for a golf bank. Assume that we're doing an implementation project for a golf rank and uh, As soon as we started the project, we got our integration requirement from a client and client said. Because we have a core banking system. Which is a data source and in our core banking system, journals get created. Yes, uh, McGulf Bank has implemented fusion cloud. And they have implemented finance modules here. And a Gulf Bank wants you to load the journals into GL Cloud application. Gulf bank, what you want you to load the journals into GL Cloud application. So what are the questions that we need to do? We need to get into a detailed call with them. And ask them these questions. So when I get into a call with them, let's say I said, I assume that this hit, so that'll give you. Yes, after the close of business. See, we don't need a real time integration after close of business. We will run a process in core banking system. to extract all the journals created on that day. And with that journal's information, We would create a single file with the journal's information on it. And we want to load that journal style into GL module. We want to load that fine into GL module. And what are the questions? What are the responses that we have put? when we ask them, what's so what do we need to deal with? When we ask them, what's the volume we need to deal with, they said. Anything about 50,000 lines? Anything about 50,000 lines is what we need. Uh, can source system, a weather source system can call the web service. The answer is no. So this, I remember the source system, the core banking system that the client is using, right? I assume that it is an old core banking system. Maybe a 1990s or 1980s system. It doesn't have the capability to call a web service. What does it mean, guys? This point means that even if you build an integration in OIC using application style, The moment you activate it, there would be a URL generated. And even if I share that you are in with a core banking system, they cannot do anything with it. They cannot call my integration. And in what format can source system provide data, core banking system said, they can provide the data in the form of files. And how frequently the service needs to be invoked or scheduled. How frequently the service needs to be invoked or scheduled. It can be every day or it can be every hour. It can be every day or it can be every hour. And how soon the data should be reflected in target system? How soon the data should be reflected in target system? No need of ASAP. Job, uh, would, uh, what clients says is. So we are not doing any real-time reporting from GL Cloud application. We're not doing any real time reporting from there. So even if you load the journals, let's say you extract all the journals created in core banking system. At the end of the day, and you load those journals overnight into GL module, that is also fine. Very time gap. There is some time gap. But that is absolutely fine because a client is now doing any real-time reporting from G Cloud. So what do you do in such case, guys? So if you get a requirement like this, If you get a requirement like this wherein you have to deal with bulk data volume. You get the information in the form of files, and it would be integration has to be triggered on the basis of a schedule. No need to show the data ASAP and target system. And source system cannot call a website. In a scenarios like this, we would be using File based approach because we need to deal with one volume. And you get information in the form of parts. I mean, that's to run on the basis of a schedule in classic use cases like this. We use a file-based approach. And I'm not sure how many of you know this. So this is a fusion cloud application. And in a fusion code application. Depending on the requirements of the clients, clients, they can choose which modules they want to implement. So you click on the minimum option, go to setup and maintenance. Click on actions, go to offerings. And here you will be able to see all the offerings given by younger. Even you will be able to see all the uplings given by America. And depending on the requirements, clients, they can choose what modules they want to implement. What modules they want to implement? Some clients might implement complete financials. Some clients might implement a finance plus SCM and some clients might implement. It's CMS, but some claims might implement hit CMS for. Okay. So if you have to, and whenever I say fusion cloud, whenever I say fusion cloud, I'm referring to the entire fusion cloud instance. And in a fusion cloud instance, finance, and SCM modules, financials and SCM modules, these 2 offerings put together. Is referred to as RP Cloud. And HCM related modules for post-deployment development HCM related modules are referred to as HCM cloud. Now when you have to do a bulk date outload into finance or ACM modules, We will have to use a process called like PDI. We'll have to use a process called the PDI. It stands for file-based data import. It stands for file based data import. And if you have to load a bulk data, load the bulk data into HCM load, you have to use HCM data loader. And don't worry, your panic is if you're hearing these terms for the 1st time. We will be covering them when we do the integrations. Remember, we'll be building 2 integration size using web service-based approach. will build one integration to understand how to automate their PDA process. And we'll also build another integration to understand how to automate the HCM data loader process. Meaning, how do you, with the help of a scheduled integration, how do you do an automated bulk upload into financial SCM modules using at PDA, HTL? We would be covering them in these indications. And when we do these integrations, I'll make sure that I cover the FPD and HTL process manually in application 1st so that you understand how it works. And then we come back into OIC and we would automate the flow there. And then we'll automate the for that. Now, knowing how to build integrations is one thing is, but understanding where exactly those integrations come into picture. In the client's business process. Is another thing. And that is even more important for you to understand. So, yes, we're going to build FPDA and HDL automation services. Where do you think those automation services coming to picture wise? Or even for that matter, web service based approach integration is also. Where do they come into picture? Is your net, you're working with that client, as you know, that you're doing an implementation for a client who is using UPSR to watch or people software, any legacy system at the moment. And let's say your client is implementing ERP Cloud. Let's take the same Gulf Bank itself. Let's assume that the Gulf Bank is using EBSR tool to manage their back in operations, so yeah. Now they want to use ERP Cloud. Now, tell me one thing is when I climb most from ABSR to go to cloud. Do we have to do initial data migrational conversions? Yes, so no. Yes. We definitely have to. Do the initial data migration from their current VRP system into club application. Now, who would do that initial data migration or conversion process? It is none of our business. It is none of our business. There would be a fusion finance. And hit CM technical teams. There would be a fusion finance and head CM technical teams, data migration teams. And those teams would be using FPDI. They would be running FPDA and HCM data over the processed language. They would connect to the database of this extend the data in a PDAHDL format. And they would generate the sample files. And those some ones or sample piles are generated, the data would be poured into fusion or application. Data would be uploaded into fusion cloud. Manually. And of course, when they, when they extract, say, 50,000 journals from here and load it, there would be, um, there would be obvious the errors. So the technical team would work closely with a GL team and the business teams, understand the issues, picks the issues, and reprocess status. And the technical team will be doing this initial data migration activity in 4 phases of the project. They would do it in development, SIP, UADM production. In all the cases, technical team moved to the initial data migration. Now, let's say client has gone live with fusion cloud. Let's say client has gone live with the ocean cloud from today's 6th of December. Client has gone live with it. Now, what does client coin live with fusion cloud means, guys? That doesn't mean the client going live with tuition cloud. Client going live with fusion cloud doesn't mean that client will stop using your PR system that they have. Gulf Bank going live with fusion finance, fusion load application doesn't mean that. It doesn't mean that they bank branch employees. They're not going to open the create journal screen infusion cloud, and they're not going to create a journal infusion cloud application. I see some students coming to this conclusion. When I say the client has gone back with fusion road, they assume that, okay, from today, client will stop using every other system and do everything in cloud. That is not propose. Even post-gole with fusion cloud. So when a client goes there with fusion cloud, it just means that it just means that Their current ERP system from today is going to be ERP cloud, not EDS art well. But even post-codide, Client will still have the core banking system used in branches. They're the journals still get created. They still have a billing system, very voices get created. They're still get exchange rates from Bloomberg and all these files. Have to be loaded into a fusion cloud. Earlier, these files are loaded into EBS article. But now we have to load them, but now we have to load them into. But now we have to load them into tuition code. Now we have to load them into. Fusion slot. Okay. Now, what is it that we need to do? These are the details. So these are the, uh, Yeah, these are the, files that we have to. These are the files that we need to. load into Fusion Cloud. But tell me one thing, I so client has gone live today. So until yesterday, until yesterday from these systems, until yesterday from these systems. The files were getting loaded into fusion cloud. Sorry, files were getting loaded into EPSR 12. But from today, these files have to be loaded into fusion plug. But tell me one thing is, can we have a technical consultant waking up at 2 o'clock? Pick up the journal's file and load it manually using a PDI. And can we have the same person waking up at 3 o'clock, pick up the AR invoices file? Load it into cloud? And the same person waking up at 4 o'clock to load the exchange rates into fusion cloud. Is that a feasible option, guys? And it has to be done for 10 years, for which a client is going to use a fusion cloud. And that's exactly where the automated file uploads come into picture. And uh, and and uh, Post to go, right? Only after the client goes slave with fusion cloud. Only in that case, the integrations that we build comes into picture case, whether it is FPDA automations or HDA automations. They would come into picture or they would kick in post code like. So what would happen? Core banking system would create a journal while they place it in FTP server at 2 o'clock, well build a scheduled integration to one at 230. Well, pick up the file from FT, we do the transformation and enrichment. And after that we load it into cloud. After that, we load it into cloud. Okay. So this is where the automated file approach come in. So I often get this question from students. Some students ask me at the end of the course. Because we created FPDA automation service. HCM data loader automation service as well. Can I use these automation services to do the initial data migration from their current system to ERP Cloud? It is, please note that the automation services are not meant for that. These automation services would come into picture only post-colive. Initial data migration would be done by technical consultants manually. Now, let's say we are done with that banking project for Gulf Bank. It went like everything is smooth. Now, let's say our employer has put us into another banking project. Maybe they want to deliver each other, the banking experience that they have got. I assume that they would have put us into a HSBC project. And a day one in HSBC project, we got the same email saying that, hey, Prasad. Uh, we have a core banking system. We have journals and we need to load them into cloud. Now what would your 1st reaction be, guys? Can I go ahead and say, hey boss, I know this use case. I know this very well. You have to follow file based approach. Can I come to that conclusion, guys? The moment I hear the business object name, uh, the source and the target system are a business object name. And can I come to such conclusion? Because we use 5 based approach for a previous claim. Do you think it would be the same requirement for every client as well? Every client requirement is different. Even though it is same source, same target, same business object. This time you get into a call with HSBC team and you ask them, The same questions again. But this time HSVC gives you a completely different response. What the say is. Prasad, we need a real-time indication. You just build an integration in IC, which is capable of importing journals in cloud. You just build an integration in OIC, which is capable of importing journals into cloud, and you shared me that indication endpoint URL. You shared me that integration endpoint URL. We will be calling your indications from the core banking system. We'll be calling your indignation from the code banking system. Okay. Now, how do we do this when? So the expectation is a client would trigger HSBC core banking system will trigger our integration. As in when they have a few 100 or 1000 lines to import core banking system, it has the capability to invoke a web service. It's a recent one. It's a modern system that they're using. And a skinboard format can source system provide the data. It can give the data in XML or J some format. How frequently service needs to be invoked? It could be every 10 minutes or even smaller limit. It could be every 10 minutes or even smaller limit. And how soon the data should be reflected in target system ASAP. How soon the data should be reflected in target system, KSAP. Okay, so this time, uh, HSBCC is, after Sag, we are doing real-time reporting from GL Cloud. So we want the journals to be loaded ASAP to cloud. So you build an integration, give us an endpoint URL, we will call it from core banking system. I can pass in the data on XML or JSON will trigger your service every 10 minutes or every 15 minutes whenever we have journals. And we trigger your integration pass in those few journal lines that we want to import. But we want the journals to be loaded ASAP into cloud. What approach would you follow in cases like this? You would be following web service-based approaching in such integrations, meaning within the integration that you're building, oh, I see. We would be calling the standard soap or rest APS given by Oracle. Whatever, whatever web services we covered, basics we covered in day three and day four, right? Remember, we went to a link and picked up a standard soap service and standard estate place. We will be calling. Those standards, soak under estate, yes, within anticlation, and you build the indication using service-based approach. Lips at least based approach. And we will be building 2 web service-based approaching dictations. Will be building a complex journal input soap service to start off, but this is going to be pretty complex one, guys, and with this service, We will understand how most of the actions work in OIC. will understand. how most of the actions work in OIC. Okay. And we would, and once we're done with us, we would go ahead and build a complex, where Stapi. And here we take a finance use case here, we take an SCMU case, and this would be a rest APM. So we'll see how to build complex soap under S APS using web service based upwards to start up, but... And these are the sort of indications that you build which would be triggered from the client applications. And after that we move on to PDA and HDL automation. Any questions so far? Is everyone clear? I have a question. Yes, please. Uh, I'm not sure about the journals and places. What is meant by general? Because, you know, I mean, you too, whatever, yes, yes. Yeah, completely fine. How in the next 15 minutes, I'll talk about water, what exactly a journal is when I took this. Good time permits, I'll do it today. Otherwise I'll do it tomorrow. Because when we do that expert use case, I'll talk about what is your and what is your purchase of the, and what is exchange rate? Why do we date it? Okay. But are you clear on the design? Like what, what, whatever points that I mentioned? Okay. Do you need the questions, please? Yeah, uh, this is Amit, uh, Prasad. So, uh, when we are creating the integrations, uh, does, do we need to consider synchronous and asynchronous, uh, picture of the, yes, we definitely have to consider it. talk about it when we when we get when we get started with the 1st one. So we're going to build this as a synchronous and we are going to create this as synchronous so that you understand how both types of services work. Okay. We'll get into the granular details and then sometime. Sure, no problem. Oh, the ask is very simple. We'll get started with the journal input soap service. So assume that we are doing an implementation for HSPC. And they wanted us to build an integration which is capable of importing journals in cloud. And they want us to. Build an integration, which is capable of importing journals, and we need to share the integration endpoint URL with HSPCTMI, what HSPC team would do. They would be calling it from the core banking system, as in when they have few journals to import. It just basic core banking system will trigger our integration, they pass in journal lines as input, we need loaded into cloud. Now, before we build any integration base, but from here on, before we build any integration, There is a there is a context that you need to know infusion cloud. So for example, one of you just asked, decide what exactly a journal is. Right? Or when we do FPDA, some of you might not know what FPDA is. And when we do these integration use cases, I'll be giving you the required context infusion cloud. Basically, I would explain everything that you need to know related to that use case. But when you do this in real time, Of course there won't be Prasad to give you that context. But there would be a fusion technical and functional consultants to assist you. Please note that as an indication specialist, your job is only 2. Build an indication, your job is not to understand or master fusion cloud application. Or how it works. So I job is only to understand how to build integration. But when you've been that integration, you need, you need a lot of, you need a context in source and arctic applications, and that would be given to you by Prasad in the sessions. And it would be given to you by fusion technical and functional consultants in your time. So I need to build an integration and before you build any indication, what is it that we do? We need to do a sort of a POC. Now we need to do a sort of a POC or proof of concept to understand. What are the exact steps that we need to do to import a journal in clock? Yes, I know that I have to import a journal, but to import a journal, what steps I need to plug into the integration. I need to figure it out first. Now, when you build an integration in OIC, When you build an integration, you know, I see using web service-based approach. What is the 1st thing that I need to do? I need to go to the Oracle plug documentation link. Financials. Integrate, and I need to see if there is any standard best APA or a soap surface given by Oracle 2, load the journals into cloud. Now, out of rest, and so which one should we prefer, please? Anyway. Rest. Rest. Why should we prefer rest? Because they use CSM format and they deliver better performance. Right? So let's go to the SAPIs and we will see. Um, we'll see if there is a Jana's resource. Let's scroll down. Oh, we see a journal, a resource here, channel batches. And when you look at the journal badges, how many endpoints we see here this? How many points we see here, please? Pouring points. We have an endpoint to delete our data batch, and we have 2 endpoints to get the back data back details. Right? And if you click on banks, how many end points we see? If you click on plans. The 5 and... Yeah, endpoint. What is one additional endpoint that you see in banks? Great. Like updated back. Create creatives there, right? No, in the case of journal, if you see the journal, journal also you have debate to get endpoints and update a badge. Okay, so in case of journal, we actually have delete, get, and update, but in case of a bank, in case of a bank, We have delete, get, and update, but you also have 38. to keep it simple If you're going to journal patches, do we have an endpoint to create a journal? Do we have a created point here? We don't have it, right? We have a rest API. Unfortunately, that rest APA has endpoints to update or delete a badge or get the badge details, but you don't have a create match endpoint. So what is it that we have to do based when you don't have a SCPA for a business object? There's nothing much you and me can do about that. If our STAP is not available, what do we have to do? We have to use the slope services. So, services. Going to sew. and see if there is a soap service given by Oracle for loading journals. Do you see a journal service here? Under soap services, I see a service to load journals. And the moment I see a journal, I see a survey who is still URL. I copy that we still paste it in here. And you guys need to tell me, let me check how many of you still remember the soap service basic session. What is the 1st thing that I need to do in this system? Could we please the server name? So what name with Fusion Cloud, instance, link? And how do I quickly check if this is a valid visit or not? By tasting that in the funeral. So PUY is my code. Yeah. So it's okay. But you can also do a quick check-in browser also. If I put it in browser, what do we see? We see the complete web service details. You see the service name. Description. And how we also see the operations. We also see the operations as well. And for every operation and for every operation, again, you see them. Description and you see that there are 4 operations here. In the journal import service, import journals is the 1st operation. Input journals is the 1st operation. And this is the one that we are interested in. And when you call the Input Journals Operation, In Journal Input Service. When you call the import journals operation, internal input service. You would pass in journal lines as input to this operation, and this operation would insert those journal lines into interface cable into GL interface table. Okay, so, and you also see in what format you have to pass in the data and what you get back in the data? Now, uh, yes, we would, we would have to call the import journals operation in this service from dictation in OIC. But let's do the let's do the PVC 1st and let's try to test it from a from a testing tool. Now what is a testing tool that we can use for soap services, guys? So keep going. I'll go ahead and use for UI. I will right click on it and I would add a wisted URL. And I'll let SoPI create sample requests. And as usual, you see, as usually you see, Two folders created, as usually, you see 2 folders created. You see this one, you see the response binding, and you see sokage people too. We ignore the binding. We go into HTTP folder, and in the soap HTT before the UVC 2 operations. We see a synchronous operation and VCNS ink and S operation. And when we go to the synchronous operation, when we go to the synchronous operation, you open the request payload. You open the request payload. In the synchronous operation. We will be able to see, you can see the sample request payout created here. You can see them, sample request payload created here. Now when you see the sample request payload created here, remember this when we when we submitted a job, what did we pass us input? So let me just open that sample payload. When we had to submit a job, I had to pass in. Only the job package name. And definition name. And when I had to get the job status, what did I pass in? So when I had to pass in, okay, USS job status, what did I do? I had to pass an only that. request ID. So I had to pass in only the request ID. Right? So when I have to get the job status, I have to pass an only request ID. And when I have to submit a job. I have to pass in only the job definition. In the package name. But here, since we are submitting a job, we are just passing in what job to submit, and since we're getting a status back, We need to mention only the status or we need to mention only the status. Now, what is it that we need to do here? Here we are trying to import a journal. Just give me one moment. What is it that we are trying to do here? We are trying to import a journal. Now for a journal to be created for a journal to be created in Fusion Cloud. Remember, there is a unit to pass in a lot of details. You need to pass in a lot of details for a journal to be completed in Fusion Cloud. And before I walk you through the speed road, let me take you to fusion cloud application. I'm in fusion cloud application here, and enough fusion cloud application. Where do you see the journal space? You log in as finance implementation also. You go to general accounting. Go to manage journals, and what was story that I'm explaining nowadays? The same story will be explained to you, Baya, fusion finance functional and the technical consultants. We go into the general accounting screen and hear what is it that we see, we see, a ledger. So we'll see the nature we select the ledger here. And I can let me search for journals. Let me see if you have any journals in November 2024 period. So 11 means November. 11 minutes now but let's see if you have any journals in November 2024 period. Now, you could see that there are futures, but let me just change the PDA, go back one more period. Because looks like we had only a few journals, yeah. Now, if you look at these journals, so this is our journal looks like. 1st of all, what exactly a journalist says? Uh, assume that I'm running a manufacturing form. And what do I do is? Now, if I have to extend my business model in uh, in simple one-liner. As a manufacturing for my buy the goods or raw materials from suppliers. Run it through a manufacturing process. Generate a finished course and sell it to the customers. And so by the goods, Manufacturer finished product, sell it to customers. And assume that I'm using a fusion cloud application, assume that I'm using tuition cloud application to manage my finance and SCM processes. And what would I do? When I, when I need to guide a good service services, I go into procurement. And in procurement, I create a PO, send it across to the supplier, ask them too. Deliver the goods and services to me. Ask him to tell you what the goods and services to me. And uh, what, uh, an architect to see the goats, I'll run it through a manufacturing. And after I receive a goods or services from a supplier, Do we have to make a payment to the supplier, guys? Of course we have to do it, right? Nobody's going to do the charity. So they would, I would have to make a payment to the supply of other boots that I am that I've bought. So what I would do in such case I go to payable module. And I will create a purchase invoice there. Stating that, okay, I need to pay 10 at this much amount. But in buying so and so goods. And I'll play by the goats, I would run it to a manufacturing process. I will generate a finished product. And after the finished product is ready, I'll sell it to the customer. And after I send it to the customer, Of course, I'll not do charity either. I will send an invoice. I'll create it. I go to thisiable's module, create an invoice there. Uh, saying that, hey, boss, this is what you have bought from me, and this is a one that you have to pay me by so-and-so. So we go to Racio, let's create an invoice there. So, uh, when we create these, when we do these, uh, what do you call when we do these transactions? When we do these transactions in sub-lature modules, so like other payables, CCO, those procurement. Right? So when we do the transactions in these sub-leture modules, these are called a sub-letures. And when we do the transactions which have financial impact, We usually generate accounting entries for those transactions in those sublature modules. And after they continently are generated, We push those accounting entries into after we generate those accounting entries, we push those accounting entries into a GL module, and in GL they will be created as journals. In GL, they will be created as channels. Okay, NGL, they will be created as journals like this. And what exactly are journal and why should why should all the sub-dature iconing entries be pushed to GL because All the reporting could happen from GL, whether it is a quarterly reporting or yearly reporting companies would be doing it from GL. So that's exactly what a journal means. And if you open up a journal, the journal is nothing but an accounting entry generated for a financial transaction in sub-lages. And if you open a journal, there are 3 levels in it. You have a journal badge. And one a batch could have multiple journals. You have 3 levels badge, journal, and lines. One batch could have multiple channels, as you can see here. And one batch could have multiple lines, frequency again. And even if I have to create a journal manually, even if I have to create a journal manually, I have to pass in all these details. You look at the details, guys, there are a lot of things that I have to pass us in, but I need to mention the journal match. Description period, journal source. And at the journal level, you pass in the journal, laying description, ledger, journal category, accounting date, currency code. And at the line level, you have to pass in the account details on whether it is a debit or credit line. So whether you like it or not, if you have to, if you want to have a journal created, we have to pass in all these details, a batch, header, and the line details as input. Batch kicker and the line details are simple. Okay. So what is it that we need to do now? So we have that, item, and the line details I've seen for. And if you look at the sample payload, that's the same stuff that you pass in here. And at the line level, again, realize, at the line level, if you see, Uh, When, when, what would happen if you transfer €100 to your friend, please? Your account would be debited a 100 rupees and your friend account would be debited or credited 100 rupees. Right? Since it is a simple personal one-on-one transaction, If you just track the debits and credits only at the account level, only at the account level if you do that. track the debits and credits. That's completely fine. But when you have a debits and credits happening in a complex ERP system, We should not be tracking the debits and credits only on the basis of account segment. But you need to understand which company, which line of business, which account, which cost center or a department is incurring the debit and credit transaction. So for a journal line to be pre-created, I cannot just pass in only the icon number. I cannot just pass in only the icon limbo. I cannot just pass in only type one number. Instead, I have to pass in the whole code combination, uh, to pass in the cold code combination, and I need to, and what is, what is it that we are seeing here? You are seeing 6 segments here. These are all these are all the segments. enabled on accounting keyflex scheme by a finance consultant. And we have to pass in 6 segments as a combination or 6 segments for a line to be created, and we also need to mention whether it is a debit or a debit line. Now, if you look at the sample payload that is generated here, You see that you have few parameters at the top. You see that you have few parameters at the top. Remember, guys, uh, These are the parameters that we need to use when we run the import journal's job. So, if I, if I, Call the simple journals operation in journal input service, and if I pass in, say, 2 journal lines as input, 2 G and interface, rosio 5 passes input. Those 2 lines will be inserted only to the interface table. Those 2 lines will be inserted only to the interface table. It doesn't mean the journal is created. And for a journal to be created after the data is inserted to interface people after the data is inserted to interface stable for a journal to be created. We need to run import journals job, and these are the parameters that you see at the top. So ignore the parameter section, and if you look at this GL interface, And a one year interface, 1st of all, you see, you can have a 0 or more reputations. So meaning depending on the number of lines that you want to import, you need to repeat this GN interface at that time. So if you want to create a journal with 2 lines, you just have to copy paste this straight interface tag one more time, and in the 1st line you pass in the 1st journal line details, and in the 2nd line you pass through the 2nd details. So what exactly is your interface means, guys? It means one single journal line. But what is a thumb rule, guys? I journal to be created, the tibet and the credit amount should match. So you need to have at least 2 lines. You need to have at least 2 lines. I go to Journal input service payloads and notifications. You go to Journal CreationFitpus payload. And you open it with a text editor. Or let me open it with a browser. And this is a sample payload that we want to use. So ignore these and the header section. These are the parameters that we need to use when we run for journals, John. But if you scroll down, you see a G and interface room, and you see this GL interface is repeated twice. And which means there are 2 lines, one year interface means one single channel nine. And in the 1st line, in the 1st line, I passed in the 6 segments, 6 segments with which I want the journal to be created. I want journal to be deleted with this confirmation. And those are the 6 segments that I'm passing in, you know. And I also need to mention a fur line to be created. I need to pass in the combination and I also need to mention whether it is a debate or credit line. So if you scrolled on, you have debit and credit columns here. And if it is a debit line, you populate the debit columns. If it is a debit, then you populate the debit columns. And if you go to the 2nd line, in the 2nd line I have a different code combination. The 2nd line, I have a different code combination. And I also have a populated the credit columns. I also have populated the credit columns. So I'm in this payload, I have 2 lines in this payload, I have 2 lines, 2 journal lines. The 1st line is a debit line with amount 100 and the 2nd line is a credit line with amount 100. Debit line with amount 100. And this is a credit line with amount 100. Okay, so how do we do this? Debit line with amount 100 and credit line with amount 100? And remember, you are passing in only the line level information here. But tell me one thing is, align should belong to a journal. A line should be included under a journal, right? And align should also belong to a batch. So we have 3 levels of nesting here, batch, journal end lines, but if you look at the payload in the payload, in the payload, what is it that we have? We only have lines in the payload. We don't have headeranda, German batch information. So that is why within the journal line itself, You pass in reference 4 and five. Reference 4 is nothing but a general name. Reference 4 is nothing but a general name. And a reference for his journal description. And if you scroll down, there is reference one and reference one is nothing but a journal backstate. So the point is in the payload, you are in only the GL interface rows, and one GL interface owns, one journal line. But under what journal, under what journal, and under what badge, and under what pass that line needs to be created in, that line needs to be created in. That information we mentioned, that information we mentioned. In other reference columns so that what would happen? So I have 2 lines here. And on both the lines, I'm mentioning journal one here. So which means one journal would be created with this particular name. And a 2 lines would be included in it. Okay. So now that we have a good understanding of the payload, what we do is we'll use this payload and also make one small change here. Let's use, say, 4001 cities. And when you do a replace to a replace all, you have a patch name in the header. This is basically attracting bad's name. I would say it's a tracking identify that you used to grant the match from goal banking system to ERP. Don't think that it is a journal bad name. a tracking badge name, and we keep this value same as group ID at the 9 level. Now, where exactly this would come handy, I'll extend it into tomorrow's session. And I'll also change The batch name or a journal name to UGAT, which is your batch identifier. And we'll stop here for today. I'll stop here for today. Tomorrow we will use the sample payload, and we'll call the Standard Journal Input Service, then run the Input Journal Show. After that, we'll proceed further with our integration, but. Yes, I do. Yeah, Prasad, actually, this is something related to the axis, uh, the particular inst- to state the access, right? That's not working. I have seen the message in WhatsApp, actually. Which message you are talking about? Yeah, actually when I try to log into the OLC. Oh, I see. Oh, I see, we have sent, we have sent an email yesterday, yesterday or day before we have sent an email. With a new OIC logos, check your inbox, check your spam folder. You should have an email in there. Okay. Any other questions, guys? Actually, the reference you are talking about, is there any document mapping document? You will go into, uh, if you go into the uh, So you see this is a wasted URL. You see the import journals, it has a data type attached for input payload. And if you go into it, Here, you see here, you see the Info Journal paramoters. And then you see the GL interface row and that GL interface release of journal interface type. And if you going here, you will be able to see what exactly each field means here. Like you see here, preference one is a journal branch name. A reference 4 is the name of a journal difference by his description of a journal. But please note that we are not going to do our, even when we do the integrations in real time. We're not going to sit down with a pen and paper and we're not going to look at each feed and see what that feed is and prepare a payload manually. It would take one month. Instead, what we do is we go to support.oracle.com, search for sample payloads for journals. You get a sample payload and in that sample payload, once you review it, you understand? that there would be these differences populated. And at that point, if you don't understand what those differences are, we refer back to the documentation, understand what they are. And then test it out. We don't sit down and handcraft the payloads. Which is the only per sample payload to upload in the integration that is it. Correct.
