Why do we need product like OIC in todays world?

If we look at the IT landscape of companies say 5-10 years back, 
and say am running a manufacturing firm and we need to install E-Business suite 
what should we do?

we need to go to Oracle , buy required application and database servers
They need to ship them and we need to receive them at our location 
and we need to onboard an Oracle application DBA Team -
a team of 5-10 members
The team would install the application on those servers

after application installation is done remember
my team would be responsible for keeping the application running 24*7,
disaster recovery, maintanance , applying any upgrdes, upgrade application once in a while

disadvantages:
1) huge upfront investment to buy the servers
2) maintain a team to look after the application
3) also spend some time looking after the application to keep it up and 
running

but gone are those days:
now if you go to oracle and say I want to use oracle finance modules in 
cloud
what we need to do

you dont need to buy the servers
you dont need to have the team
you dont have to install it

Oracle will look at our base location-say for example we are based 
out of hyderabad
Oracle has a data center in hyderabad itself

what would oracle do?
oracle would go to hyderabad datacenter and in one of the machines/servers 
of hyd data center it would install oracle fusion cloud application

oracle would also share a link to access oracle fusion cloud instance url
so after the oracle fusion application is installed in cloud in the datacenter
closest to your location, they would be sharing the application url with you and

-we would access the oracle applications which is installed in cloud
-cloud means the application is installed in one of the oracle datacenters

now when we access the oracle application url, we wouldbe redirected to 
a sign in page 

we have a user name and password

now when we access instance url-we are accessing 
oracle fusion ERP applications installed in cloud

where is this application running? in oracle data center

who is responsible for keeping it up and running 24*7? for upgrading it? maintaining it?

it would all be done by oracle-vendor in this case

adv:

i dont need to buy the servers
no need to install it
no need to maintain it
best part: no huge captital expenditure upfront
but in case of on-prem we have to buy the servers

so this fusion cloud application is called software as a service (SaaS)
product

SaaS product-Oracle fusion application-software as a service

so we all pay broadband bill/mobile bill right? at the month end

in exactly similar fashion, for using SaaS product from oracle -we get a bill from oracle at month end

which says these many users are configured and this is the amount to be paid

plenty of adv:
no upfront expenditure
no need to do any maintainance 
no need to have teams to look after applications

because of these reasons 99% no 100% of the companies have a hybrid IT landscape

which means a typical client might use salesforce to manage their customers
salesforce is no.1 CRM product to manage customers

same client might be using ADP to run a payroll

same client might be using oracle finance modules in ERP cloud and they might be using HCM cloud

and that same client might be using Oracle e-business suite manufacturing modules

they might also have some on-prem applications as well

so if you look at landscape of any IT company/client today-this is how it looks-like a hybrid IT landscape

what does it mean to us? as integration specialists?

It means that we need to deal with 3 key integration challenges:
1. how do you integrate one oracle cloud application with another cloud application

2. how do you integrate cloud applications with non oracle cloud applications

3. how do you integrate oracle cloud applications or non oracle cloud applications with on prem applications

oracle cloud application: Oracle Sales, HCM, ERP, SCM, Service, CPQ, Marketing

non oracle cloud applications: ADP, Salesforce, AI, IoT, Blockchain etc

on prem application: oracle ebusiness suite, oracle JDEdwards, Oracle peoplesoft, SAP.








