
Okay. I'm sharing my screen. I will go ahead and so we discussed file transfer services today, guys. We discussed the file transfer service yesterday. And we've seen how to connect to FTP servers. We've also discussed what is a PGP encryption and how it works. So what do we need to do now? Oh, we need to go ahead and get started with an integration bill. We need to go ahead and get started with the integration, but And what are the steps that we're going to plug into the integration lines? We need to plug in these steps. The 1st and the foremost step is, yes, it's going to be scheduled integration. It's going to be scheduled integration that we need to build 1st of all. I go back into projects. And we, uh, one announcement is about the instance we still have the same problem with the instance. I just spoke to the vendor as well. today morning. Uh, prepared today evening, either the issue with production noise instance would be resolved, or I'll be giving you access to this temporary OIC instance for a few days until the issue with that OIC instance as a result. By today, EOD, you would receive an update. Okay. So, uh, endless, uh, we created, Remember there's just file transfer service. Since we need to interact with 2 systems, Since we need to interact with 2 systems, SFTP server one, source FTP server, and target FTP server. What did I do? I already created 2 connections. And after we covered the PGP encryption, in the target FTP target connection, I uploaded the public E as well. so that the file gets encrypted. And now we have the required connections. We need to go ahead and create our required integration. And when I create an indication, I'm going to use a scheduled indication here because WMS system usually places the pilot one o'clock in the morning. We want the file transfer service to run at 130. On the base of a schedule, WMS is not going to trigger it explicitly. So in such case, you go ahead and create a scheduled integration. And I say UG 86 file transfer service. UG86 5 times per service. Five times, trigger it explicitly. So in such case, you go ahead and create a scheduled integration. And I'd say UG 86 file transfer service. UG86 5 times per service. And it's going to be scheduled integration, and what is it that we need to do in this integration? We need to perform these steps. We need to perform these steps. The 1st thing that I scheduled indication here, because of the DP encryption in the target FTP target connection, I uploaded the public E as well. So that the file gets encrypted. And now we have the required connections. We need to go ahead and create our required integration. And when I create an integration, I'm going to use a scheduled indication here because WMS system usually places the pilot one o'clock in the morning. We want the file transfer service to run at 130. On the base of a schedule, WMS is not going to trigger it explicitly. So in such case, you go ahead and create a scheduled integration. And I'd say UG 86 file transfer service. UG 865 times per service. And it's going to be scheduled integration, and what is it that we need to do in this integration? We need to perform these steps. We need to perform these steps. The 1st thing that I need to do was I need to use the source at TP connection. And we need to list the files that we have in FTP Server. So we need to go to the source FTP server. We need to go to the source and source of PP server 1st. And we need to list on the files that we have there. Okay. I think I created a folder here yesterday, right? And I placed the finals. Did we create a folder structure in SFTP guys? Yes. But I probably did it in maybe user one. I'm not seeing it in, okay, I'll go put a goal in some sense. I'll create a new formal structure. I call it UG86. And I'm going to call it as file transfer service. For some reason, I'm not able to find the one that I created earlier. And uh, in the file transfer service. We need to create the required folder. I'm going to create an input folder first. And we would ask the WNR system to write the to write the item update files to this input folder. Go to the firetrance facilities. I got the CSV financial here. And what I would do was I would just place, Let's say I place items one, 2, and 3 dot CSV fans. So assume that it is, since we don't have a WMS system, it's you assume that it is a WMS system that is placing the files here. And as you know, this is SFTP server one or a source of TP server, WMS is connecting to it. And we ask them to come into input folder and we ask them to write the CSV file CO. So what is the 1st step that we need to do in the integration device? The 1st step that we need to do in the intitation is to go into the input folder. We need to go to and book folder. And we need to lift the files that we have. We need to list the files that we have. How many files do we have to transfer? Because today you see 3 files tomorrow, it would be 0 day after tomorrow it would be. Day after tomorrow it could be three. So the 1st thing that we need to do is we need to understand how many files are there to process. How many files and they do transfer? So a step number one in the integration. And we use a source at PP connection. And we see a list of files from SFTP. And another important point is, when you normally give names to the endpoints, When you normally give name to the endpoint, this is a pattern we follow. First word, we mention it in all small letters from the 2nd word onwards. We mention it as init camp. So I say list files from SFTP. You got the next screen. And these are the file related operations that you can perform. These are the style related operations that you can perform within the integration, we can every be so long. So using FTP connection, these are the operations that I can perform in IFTP server. Read a file, write file, a list files operation, move or file, delete and download. In this integration itself, we will understand how the 1st 4 operations work. In this integration itself. We will understand how these 4 operations work. 1st 4 operations. And download file operation will see the usage of this in FPDI. Delete a findments, it would just delete a plan from SFT. So I want to do the list files operation 1st and when I say this, the files, it is prompting me to enter the directory path and the final pattern. Direct report and the file name pattern. Now, what do I need to do with cycling here? And I copy the directory panel? I go the director part here, and I need to mention the final name pattern. Remember this, it is prompting me to enter a file name pattern here. That is not asking me to mention the exact file name. But it is asking me to mention the pattern. Now tell me one thing. I see if I mention the pattern as star dot EXT. If I mention the pattern, I start. TXT, what would happen? What would I get back in the response? Star, what does star means, guys? Star means anything can come in there. Star means a file name can be anything. And dot TXT means all the text files that you have in the input folder will come back in the response. Remember this, here I'm sending a request, I get a response. And in the response, what files will I see in the response would be controlled by the pattern that I actually, yeah. If I mentioned start or TXD, it would give me all the text files. But tell me one thing is, do we have any dot DXD files here? In the input folder, do we have any dot TXT files? We don't have them. So how many how many files will we get here? If I use the 0 balls. And if I say CSV, Three fines. I'll get 12 pounds. And if I uh, if I start the name, if I start the name of the pile with items, Items, star, dots ESV. What does it mean? It means that the file name should start with items. And after that, anything can come. Upright and see what anything can come, it can be a member. It can be a nimble. It can be a date and a time stamp, anything can come. And the extension is not CSV. So if I use items, start.CSV, how many files match the name back and pay? I need to start with items and it has to be dot CSV. Three files match, right? And if I change this to. Ooh, capital I. Think about it carefully and answer. How many files to match the pattern? Zero Absolutely. Please be very careful, Liz. This is a case sensitive search. So when you enter capital life, it's not going to, it would search for the files, whose name starts with capital I, not small I. It is case sensitive. But tell me one thing is, uh, do you see any problem? Or or before I go to the go to that problem? Uh, I can mention a pattern here. Let's say I want to, let's say you might get, sometimes you might get CSV files, sometimes you might get text files. So you might want to process files of multiple extensions, transfer files of multiple extensions. What do I need to do in such case? Start that start. In such case, I'll have to do a start or start. I cannot use, I cannot use a start.cs week or must start.txt. That's not possible. You just have to say start or start. And maybe and what this would do, this would, Pick up, this would make all the files. This would list on all the piles that you have here. It can be a CSV file, it can be a text file, or even if it is a PDF, it would be listed up. And if you want to process all the files, excluding a specific pattern, maybe you want to exclude only the zip files. Okay? So, uh, if the files placed in here, RCSV, text, or, like, seminologies, so you want to pick all of them up, except the zip files. What do you do in such case? You mentioned start out, start here and you say start out, say, what would happen in that case? All the files would be included here. excluding the zip files. Great. Okay. So, but usually case, but usually. Oh, whenever we uh, whenever we Build file transfer services. Whenever we will find transfer services. Solar system, source systems will tell you very clearly. source systems. I will tell you very clearly. What type of files they're going to generate? And usually they generate only files of one type. They're not going to generate files of multiple types. So we would, if it is a CSV, we mention it as CSV. We need to exclude pattern S plan. And you can mention, what are the maximum number of files you want to list? The default number is 100. You can leave with our seas, or you can increase or decrease it if you want. And we have an option to mention minimum age here. Now, what is 60 seconds, guys, in how many minutes it is? 60 seconds means one minute, right? One minute. One minute. What if it is 600 seconds? 10 minutes. 10 minutes. So, if I mention, if I mentioned the minimum age of 600 seconds here, what does it mean next? It means that or let me mention it as 300 seconds, 300 seconds, it's 5 minutes. Five minutes. So when the integration runs now, since I asked it in the 1st step itself, I'm asking it to list the files. CSV files in this location. But I said, search for the files, which has a minimum, which has a minimum age of 5 minutes. Meaning, those files were only the files placed in input location before 5 minutes. Only those funds needs to be listed down. So if you go back in here, If you go back in here, you see 3 files already in input location. And when were those files placed? At what time? 710? Right? Yeah. And what is the time now? Seven, 19? 9 minutes ago. Yeah, what is the age of these files? 9 minutes, 9 minutes, right? Very simple. And if I go ahead and place another file, yeah. The time is placed just now. What is the age of this file now? 26 seconds. It is not even one minute. Right? So assume that this integration runs now. And this is a setup that we had. We are asking it to list the items, CSV files from input, and I said minimum age as. 5 minutes. How many plans will I get back in the response? One file, item four. Now, think about it announcing. 3 5 minimum age is 5 minutes minimum age is 5 minutes. Okay. Okay, okay. B files. So which means? Which means only these 3 files, meaning the files should have a minimum major of 5 minutes. 5 minutes, 5 minutes. Okay. But since these 3 files have an age of 9 minutes, They will be listed. But since the age of this file is not even, it's hardly one minute. This will not be listed on. Okay? Now, when do you think, when do you think this minimum age would be would come handy, guys? Just go about. I mean, somebody else having a background noise at there and please go back on me your case. If you have or too much of a background noise. So when would this come handy, guys? So this would come to handy. Uh, in scenarios like this. Let's assume that WMS system, assume that WMS system created a filing server one. And it just started writing data to it. It just started writing data to it. At the same time, file transfer service ran. SWMS has created a file. It is still writing data to that file. But file transfer service ran. And file transfer service picked up the file from server one. And transport it. Remember W system didn't complete the fine dry process. It is still writing the content to the file. Well file transfer picked it up and transported. Well that should not be allowed, right? So that's why or what do we normally do? We go to the WMS system and ask them, was what could be the maximum time? What could be the maximum time you need to complete the file right process? What could be the maximum time you need to complete the final right process? WMS system might say, Presser, I'll roughly meet around 5 minutes, even if it is our biggest file. I need a maximum of 5 minutes to complete the file by process. So in which case, what do you do? You mentioned the minimum managers, minimum agers, 5 minutes here. So that even our vendor service runs. If you see a file there, But that file is not 5 minutes old, which means document could still be writing data to what? So file transfer will not pick it up. Okay, so it would be the minimum age would be helpful in those scenarios waving. The files to which a source system is still writing the data will not be picked up. Okay. And it is usually 0. You can talk to the source system, increase or decrease it. As you wish. I'm putting it back to 0. And uh, there's another checkbox here, which says, list files, record, say, believe. List files, they consume, and if I go back into the SFTP folder, Let me create a subfolder here. Okay. Now, when we are listing down the files, when we are listing down the files, we mentioned a list files recursively. We're choosing this option which says list on the files recursively. So what would happen is when you take this box? When you take the response, or we are asking an anatobic ID for this culture, so when this is checked, what would happen? FTP. I mean, why you would search kind of files, CSV files, not only in the input folder. But it would also recursively go to the subfolders of input and search for the CSV files. And search for the CSV funds. Okay, and search for the CSV funds. So how does it work? How does it work? So it goes into sub folder, it goes into sub folder. So if the set box is ticked, you have threefold, you have 3 files in the input location, and you have one violence up folder. You have another finding supporter. Now, tell me one thing, if the integration runs with list funds, recursively, is a child. How many parts will I get? More funds, it will list on the 3 funds from input, and it could also list on this 4 dot CSV from now. Some folder as well, all 4 files will be listed if I uncheck this. What would happen? Only these 3 plans could come. It won't go into the recursive directories. When would this be helpful guys? This would be helpful because usually what happens is when source system places are filed, they usually say that April says, I'm going to create a bolder with that particular daily. Or are we going to create individual folders with leisure means, and we would place the journal's files into those individual folders. And they would say, okay, in the input, what are folders that you see, you go into those folders, pick up the files and process it. How do I achieve that? I can achieve it by using this list as the consolio option. Okay. And tell me one thing, I'm going to delete this. No, tell me one thing. I'm I'm hardcore in the directive park and I find an empattern here. And these 2 are fine days, and now we don't, we don't use them. And uh, These 2 values, I'm hardcoding a directory path and a fine name pattern A. Does anyone see your problem with this? If yes, what is a problem? Whenever there is any change in the path, we'll have to come and update this one. like manually update this one. Manually, edit the integration. Right, right. So, Instead of doing that, what is it that we can do? Ensures manually updating the integration. Every time there is a change in part of there is a change in finding pattern. Uh, I can uh, I can configure input parameters from the schedule node. Remember this when you create a, when you create a PNC procedure on a Java program, you can configure input parameters, right? In a similar fashion, when you build a scheduled integration, you know, I see especially. You can configure input parameters, meaning whenever you run the indication, you have an option to pass in minds for those input parameters. So what I would do. Instead of hardcoding the directory park and a pine in here. I would be defining these 2 I'll be defining these 2 as a scheduled parameters. I'll be defining these 2 as a scheduled parameters. Then I'll be defining these two. As a schedule parameters. And whatever and those scheduled parameters, I'm going to map it to these 2 parameters. But tell me one thing is I've taken out those 2 values directly park and find me in that and can I go to the next screen lights? I'm clicking on continue. Can I go to the next screen? It is not letting me go to the next screen. What is the reason? The reason is these 2 are mandatory attributes. So what I would do was I would mention it as A and B. I would mention it as a KND only to provide data. Only to avoid either, I would mention it as A and B. Okay, one need to avoid data. Well mention it as A and B. I click on continue. And click on finish. And one important point is, see, I'm configuring the connection here. I'm configuring the endpoint or a note here. Just give me one moment, please. So I'm I'm kind of picking an FTP connection here. I'm configuring an epic connection here. And in the FTP connection, yes, I'm in the endpoint or in the node, I'm mentioning A and B here. Which are the default values? Which are the default values. And you click on finish. And what would happen, the moment, the moment you add the list for this operation, you see a map generated immediately. You see a map of generated immediately. Okay. I'm sure what's going on. Why is it saying Patrick? Save it. I don't have a choice. Editantry, go on. And I'm going to save it. Yeah. Uh, and uh, I would go into the map, and one important point here is so, uh, we mentioned, uh, so this is what we call us, uh, endpoint or a node. This is called as an endpoint or a node. And what did we mention in the endpoint based in the list 1st operation I mentioned? A and B. I mentioned the directly about that, say, I'm fine in pattern as B. But those are not the values that I want to use. Those are not the values I want to use. When I list the files. Since they are mandatory attributes, since it, since it didn't let me go to the next screen. I mentioned EN beta values there. And immediately you see an upper generated, and within the map, I have an option too. Within the map, I have an option to override the fine name pattern and the directory path. I have an option within the map, but I have an option to override the file impact on the directory park. Okay. But we can override and and whatever values in the map or if you assend values to these 2 attributes. Then when it tries to list the files, When it tries to list the files, it would use the values that you map here. It would use the values that you map here, the input directly, but that find impact and that your map here would be used. And if you leave it blank, say for example, I didn't map any values, right? If I run the integration without mapping in any manus here, Integration will run with A and B. In the endpoint, you mentioned a default values. If you SAA value cinema, but those values will override A and B. Otherwise, if you leave it planted in, it would be used. And I can go to the schedule node. And on the schedule note, I can define scheduled parameters. I can define scheduled parameters and I can. Call it as I can define a parameter for input directory path. And I'm going to assign this part as a default venue for the parameter, meaning whenever I run the integration, I'll see the parameters with those default values, but I can overwrite them anytime I want. And I also mentioned a finding pattern. I hear you mention it as items dot CSV. So we have defined 2 input parameters, input directory path, and find them pattern, and also here, I'm going to define 2 more directory parts here, guys. I'm going to diff. I thought that's what. I can define schedule parameters and I can. Call it as I can define a parameter for input directory path. And I'm going to assign this part as a default value for the parameter, meaning whenever I run the integration, I'll see the parameters with those default values, but I can overwrite them anytime I want. And I also mention a finding pattern. And here you mention it as items star dot CSV. So we have different 2 input parameters, input directory path, and find them pattern, and also here, I'm going to define 2 more directory parts here, guys. I'm going to define 2 more directory parts. Okay, and output. And what is it that we would do after we list on the funds we do through them? We would read a file from input. With that content, we write it, write the file to the output, and then we have to archive the file, move it from input to archive folder. I'll explain that logic within the furry loop in a moment. But I would create a 2 more parameters. I'll create 2 more scheduled parameters. For the schedule and output directly path as well. Okay. Can you confidence save this? Now we define 4 scheduled parameters. We define 4 scheduled parameters and what is it that I want to do? The 1st thing that I want to use is in the list funds, I say. In the list funds, I say. Go to the input directory path, search for files whose name starts with items and it has to be CSV file. So I'm passing in the scheduled parameters as input to the list files operation. So that what would happen, it would go to the input directory list, the items CSV files. And here we are sending out a request to list of fans and are we going to get back a response? We will get back a response. Now, what is it that we need to do here within the integration? We get back a response and I'll be using a FRH loop to loop through that collection of files, whatever, a collection of files that we get. Today we have 3 fans. Today we have 3 fans. Tomorrow it could be 10 files day after tomorrow it could be. 0 files. But yes, we are sending out a request to list the files, or we get back a collection of files, and we need to look through a connection of files, and how do you look through a collection of files? If you have to look through a collection, we need to use a for each loop in OIC. So we'll make use of a FRH loop, look through the files. And within the loop, I want to perform 3 simple actions, guys. I want to read the file from, I want to use the source FTP connection and I want to read the file from source FTP so long. And uh, after we read the file, uh, I mean, uh, in the FRH loop, whatever file is being processed, remember the FRH loop will be iterated for every file, since we have 3 funds today, the FRH loop will be iterated 3 times. In the 1st citration, items one dot CS, we will be picked up. And we are using source FTP connection to read items one dot CSV from SFTP server one. And with that content, with that content that we have read from source FTP, so on. We would write the file to Target. We read the file from source. And with that content, we need to write the file to the target FTP so on. So we will use a target of PP connection. With the content that you upgrade earlier, we're going to write a file to the target of PP soda. So we would read the file. We would read the file from input. And with that content, we will write the file to auto directory here. Without content, we will write the file to our code directory. Okay. With that content, we would write the file to output. Now, when do we write the file to output case? So, and then in this particular use case, you are seeing the output folder. In the same FTP server. The only reason I'm doing it is we only have one FTP server available with us. That is why we created this output folder in, we created this output folder. Also, in the same FTP location. Also in the same RTP location. And let me just... Make check. I just get one dog now. I want to see what is the connection that I used here. I think I used the production of IC instance, FTP server here, it's sort of there. And I think that's probably why. We didn't see this folder structure today. I created it in production of icy instance. Yeah, we already created the same folder structure as today in our production RC instance. And I remember there's here, here, the same story. I just changed the server. So since we've got only one SFT piece server with us, what did we do? We created even the Southput server, even this output folder, we created it in the, In the same SFTP server. But please note that in real time, this output folder will not be sitting in this server, it would sit in a different server altogether. So what is it that we need to do? We would read the file. We would read the file from a source of TP so long. With that content, we would use a target FTP connection, right? The fine to the server. So we read the file from input right to output. Please note that this output in real time sits in a different server altogether. And also when we write the file, what do we do? We do a PGP encryption. We do a PGP encryption. And after we read the file from source rightly to the target, we will arcade the file as well. We want to move the file from input water file is picked up from input delivered to the destination. We need to archive with us, but we'll move it from input to archive folders so that input would be fresh follow. fresh for new files to come in. So let's go ahead and plug in that logic. So I go into the integration and I would use a footage loop. And the farid sloop would help you to look through a collection of a collection of elements and then I call it as Transfer each file. And here I need to mention mention the collection element here. We were sending out a request to list the files earlier. We get a response and in the response, you will be able to see a collection of files. And you see this file. It is a repeating element and this is nothing but a collection of files. And how many files do we have noways? We have 3 files. So this file element would appear price and in every occurrence of the file element, you would have that particular file against in the 1st occurrence of file. You have file name as items one dot CSV in the 2nd appearance of file, you have 2.cSV and so on. So we need to loop through the collection of files. We need to look through that collection of trials here. And the current element name you want to give it as current file. The current element may you have to mention it as current file. And and aware would this element, where would this come into picture guys? I remember within the loop, within the loop, I want to perform reactions. I want to read the file from input, write the file to output, and arcade the file. Meaning within the loop, I need to understand what is the file that is being processed in that hydration, and how do I know, how do I access the current file properties based? What our file is being hydrate, you know, is being isolated in that particular uh, for what our file is processed in that hydration. How do I know it? With the help of this current file element, we'll be able to access those properties. And files would be transferred in sequence one after the other, but if you want to do it in path, then you can take the spots. And since I mentioned the current element name as current file, this element will start showing up in the apple within the furry loop, and with that element name, I can access the properties. Now, what do I need to do? The 1st step that I need to do is use the FTP connection, source FTP connection. And I want to read the file from SFTP solo. Read from SFTP. And what do I need to do this? You want to read a file from Apple TV? And when I read a file, it is asking me to mention which file to read from which directory, but I cannot code it here. Because this file name keeps changing in the 1st hydration, it will be 12nd hydration, it will be 2 3rd hydration. It would be. I cannot hardcore the directory path of finding here. So I'm going to leave this blind. Continue. And uh, we can, uh, Also upload sample file when we are doing a read operation, but how does uploading a sample find scale? We will cover this in detail in their video integration. How does uploading a sample plans, how we will cover it in FPA integration? But this time, I'm going to say no, I'll not upload a sample file. If you don't upload a sample file and if you read the content, the entire content of the file would come back in one single variable. But the, and uh, be 2 third hydration, it will do big pitch file to read, and what do I need to do? And I want to read. Now what do I need to do? The 1st step that I need to do is use the FTP connection, source FTP connection. And I want to read the file from SFTP So. Read from SFTP. And what do I need to do best? You want to read a file from FTP? And when I read a file, uh, it is asking me to mention which file to read, from which directory, but I cannot art code it here. Because this file name keeps changing in the 1st iteration, it will be 12nd hydration, it will be 2 3rd hydration. It will be. I cannot hardcore the directory path of finding here. So I'm going to leave this plan. Continue And uh, we can, uh, Also upload sample file when we are doing a read operation, but how does uploading a sample find scale? We will cover this in detail in FPDA integration. How does uploading a sample plans have, or we will cover it in FPA integration? But this time, I'm going to say no, I'll not upload a sample file. If you don't upload a sample fund and if you read the content, the entire content of the file would come back in one single variable, a response. Call find reference. So I'm saying, I'm not uploading any sample file. I'm just saying read a file, but I didn't mention which file to read, from which directory. Because I cannot hard code it. Instead, what is it that I need to do? Whatever is, whatever file is being processed in that iteration, if it is one or 2 or three, whatever file is being processed in that iteration, I want to read that file. And where do you have that current file property space? It would be available in the current file element in this current file element. This element would show you, what is the file that is being processed in that hydration? In the 1st hydration, it will be one top CSV in the 2nd nitration. This attribute will be 2 dot CSV and 3 dot CSV. So whatever file is being processed in that iteration, how do you access that file properties? You do it with the help of current file element. Current file element. So I'm reading the file. So I'm sending out a request to read the file, and after we read the file, we get the file content or do I need to do with that? I would use a target FTP connection. And I say, Right, fine, 2 SFTP. And I would do a right file operation. Again, I cannot hard quote the directory path of my name pattern. So I'll mention it as ENP. And I'm going to overwrite this in the map. I'm going to overrite this in a Napa. But tell me one thing is when we write the file, when we write the file, are to the target of TP server, what do we want to do based? We want to do a PGP encryption. Right? We don't want to place the CSV finances. We want to do a PGP encryption. So this is where I'm doing a right film operation and using Target connection. And I'm choosing to perform PGP encryption and what key is required to do a PGP encryption wise. What is required to public use required, right? And did we upload the public in the target FTP connection? Otherwise integration would vary. So if you go into projects, you go into target connection, and in the target connection, you would be able to see in the target connection, you would be able to see a publicly uploaded there. You would be able to see a publicly uploaded test. Okay, so, uh, so this is what uh, we mean by FTP adaptor supports PGP encryption. In the connection, you upload the keys. And when you use that connection in the integration, you would just say perform an encryption or perform the encryption. So I'm saying perform PGP encryption here. OAC would go to Confusion Cloud. Sorry, OSE would go to the connection. And it would pick up the public key and it would encrypt the file. So I'm just saying write the file, I mentioned A and B dummy values there, but I just mentioned do the PGP encryption. And again, I don't want to upload any sample file. Remember here, guys, one important point is we are going to read the file as one single unit. And with that exact same content, I'm going to write the file. If required, we can read the content of the file, we can get into the content of the file. We can do the transformation. And we can generate the file with a transformed content if required. But we are not going to get into the file content in this integration. We read the file as one single unit and we would write the file with that entire context. We're not doing any transformations in between. We're not doing any transformations in between. You go ahead and click on finish. And you have a map that created immediately. And what are the 3 things that we have to take care of? What are the, uh, what are the 3 things that, uh, that you are, um, that we need to? Um, that we need to take care of. 3 things that we need to map is We need to map the directory path. Find a pattern, and the final reference. Okay? So what is the 1st thing? I can, uh, I want to write a file to output. Connect the file to output. And with what name I want the file to be placed. Um, I'm, I'm, I'm mentioning that I write the file to the output location, right? the file to the output location. And what should be the filing? So I'm saying the right defied to the output location. And what should be the fine name? The file name is, remember, we are going to place the file as an encrypted one. We are going to place the file as an encrypted one, right? So meaning if it is items one dot CSV that is picked up, we are not going to write this file as a normal CSV fan to the output. Instead, it would be placed as an encrypted file. Instead, this file would be placed as an encrypted file there. It would be placed as an encrypted file. So when I place, I cannot place an encrypted file in server 2. I cannot place an encrypted file in server 2 without a dot PGP extension because a 3rd party system might say, might think that it is not an encrypted file. So what do I do? To keep it to make it obvious to the other system that it is an encrypted file. We normally use a contact statement, and to the final, we add our dot PGP extension. And apart from the file name and the directory part, we also have to Mention the content. So we were sending out a request to read the file. With that content, when we send a request to read the file, we get a response. And from the response we have, I mean the response you have a file reference. In the response you have a find reference. Okay, so Whatever content that you have in the response here, whatever content that you have, we are sending out a request, you get a response, and in the response you have a file reference. And that file reference is what you're mapping here. So this is nothing but the entire file content that we have, that we upgrade from input, with that entire content, we are writing the file to output. So this one single mapping ensures that whatever content that we update from our file and input, with that, and then we are writing a file to downput. And what else we need to do one last of this, since we, since we already picked up a file, uh, one items one.CSC, since we have read it and written to the target, we should not leave the file behind in source. Or in the input location because if you get picked up in the next schedule run as well. So we will say archive. Fire in SFTP. And what do we want to do? Whatever file is picked up, whatever file is read from input, a return to the output. We want to move that file from the input location to the archive so that when the oven the integration runs after one hour or next day, the same file will not be picked up and delivered. So we need to water file is already transferred. It has to be archive. So I want to move a file, and I'm going to map these values in the map or. But I also say over rate the file if it exists. Over it defined if it exists. Continue. And click on finish. Okay. Now, what is it that I need to say? I need to say, pick up a file from input location, pick up items one dot CSV. becomes a pickup items one dot CSV. From input location. And where should the file be placed? The file should be placed in our directory. And when you place the find in archive, I can use the same filing. I can use the same file name. I see. Or what else I can do? I can also, when I place the file, in how good, sorry, in archive directory. I can add a date and a timestamp if I want. I can add that, I can congratulate at 800 times time if I want. They find name is already on it. You can just use the same file name, Haziz. Or else you can. That's a fixed state and a time stamp, if you. So we'll stop here for today, and in tomorrow's session, what is it that we would do? We will go ahead and activate the integration and we'll test it. Any questions, guys? Yeah, Prasad, what is that file reference and why do we need it? File reference is a way to pass on at the content that you operate from here, as input to the right file. And that is exactly how you do that handshape. Okay, you are reading a file here. You're writing a file. When you write a file, you need to pass on the content. When you read the file, you get a response. How do you do that handshake through that final reference? So when I read the file, it's just the file name, right? So initially what we did invoke it and we are trying to lease the file names, then we are reading the file names, right? Not the content of it, correct? Well, that's exactly why. So when you read it, okay, now you tell me how. What is the link between these two? Is your reading the content here? You're writing a file. How do you say to OIC that use the content that you have right here? To write the file? So is it reading the file entirely or is it just the file name? Copy, copying. It is uh, okay, well. When you do a rate file operation, Mm-hmm. You, we didn't upload a sample file, and when you don't upload a sample file, the response that you get to the read file operation would have something called as a file reference. And this variable contains the entire 5 content. Oh, okay, so it's reading the file as well along with the name. Of course, we need to read the file, right? Otherwise, how would I write the file to another location without reading the content? Right. I was just, it's only the file website. Yeah, yeah. It would it would definitely be dependent. Any other questions, guys? Plus, I've actually, when we're invoking this particular moving to the arcave, right? So we are not validating whether the file is copied to the target directory, correct? That's what, this will come, this an action of the executed only after these 2 are successful. Okay, if anything fails, it won't flow across, correct? Absolutely. Okay, okay. Yes, I mean. Yeah. So, um, in most of the cases when we do bank integrations, they have like a different PGP keys for test and the production instance. So, is there a way to configure the PGP keys as well? We are configuring the PGP keys here, right? the connection. When we deploy integrations to a higher instance, we change the price. Okay, yeah, so, uh, means when we deploy, is there a utility that or we have? manually. There is a lot of story attached to deployment of integration. We need to update the connection details also, not just the keys. We'll cover it in migration session. Okay, okay, all right. Hello, present, uh, I haven't written a fire page look. There is, we have a usual current variable, what? Correct. What is that? We can get that one. Okay, so, well, let's assume that we don't have current variable. What do I need to do within the loop? Within the loop, I want to read a file, right? Yes. How many times the furry loop will be executed? 3 times. 3 times. Let's say it entered the Farage loop. I want to read the file. Which file do you want to read the file? Whatever file is picked up in that iteration, you want to read it. Okay, so. Yes, yes. How do I know which file is picked? So that's where the current variable is. Correct. You can, you can, it doesn't have to be current variable. You can mention ABC also. But it is with this element name. It is with this element name. This element would start showing up in a map or and with that element me, you won't be able to access the file properties, whatever file is being processed in that iteration. If items one dot CSV is picked up current file without that properties. In a 2nd hydration, that will a value that variable would have itemstool.cs. Any other questions, please? And do we have any retry mechanisms if something fails? I will talk about it tomorrow. Okay. Tomorrow we're going to deliberately create error and I'll talk about a few more things before I answer this question.
