
But when you end... Good morning. I'm sharing my screen. Oh, that's a quick question. Is the OIC instance working? I'm exactly single. The announcement is related to that. There is an, there is an outage at Oracle Cloud End, and there is a problem in a few specific, what do you call the partitions within a data center, and by check with a window, they are following, following up with Oracle. The OIC instance that I've given you access to is not working at the moment. And it can take a take a day or 2 for the issue to be resolved. So you just have to wait. And I'm following up with window on this. So when we try to access OIC instance, now this is a behavior that you might notice. You would see a login page, but when you enter the user M and passport and sign in, You would see a error message which says too many requests or too many us, try too many requests. So this is either that we're getting at the moment. But please note that this is not something that we can do anything about. It is a problem at Oracle End. Waits for a couple of days per issue to be resolved. And only for these 2 days, I have a temporary OIC instance that I'll be using in the sessions. Uh, and uh, once the instance comes up, the production of IC instance comes up, I'll repeat whatever I did uh, in this fusion, in this OC instance, are more that indication to that new instance. Or to that production of IC instance. Okay, to answer your question, OS instance is not working. Wait for a couple of days. It should be resolved. And if it doesn't get resolved, I'll try to provide an alternate OIC instance by that. Okay, and I will be using a temporary or makeshift instance, for today and tomorrow's session. I cannot give you access to this because I don't want to share too many OAC instances because if production doesn't come up tomorrow. I'll have to share another instance. So if I share 3 instances, 100 students, they get confused. They don't understand which one to use when and what. So to avoid confusion, I won't share this temporary voice instance for now. Bear with me for a couple of days and I'll let you know what exact voice instance you have to use. Most probably 99%. This is a confirmation I got from a vendor. The issue with production wise instance, will be resolved. Okay, and if it doesn't get resolved, I'll give you a new instance. Now we'll get started with uh, there are a few more miscellaneous options that we need to talk about, guys. But we will be doing them in one of the sessions tomorrow a day after. It's uh, and and we get started with the next integration use case today. We get started with an next integration use case today. And that is a file transfer service. We briefly discuss this use case in our country to session. We briefly discuss this use case in our 32 session. And I'll explain the use case one more time. Assume that you are doing an implementation for a manufacturing client. Let's say that your client has an internal data management system. Let's call it application A. And we have items in Application Aid, which get updated. And whatever item updates are done in internal various management system, let's call it application A. So, complication A would generate item CSV files, and those CSV files would have the item update information, would have the item update information. And those files. Yes. Now we'll get started with, there are a few more miscellaneous options that we need to talk about, guys. But we will be doing them in one of the sessions tomorrow day after. It's uh, and and we get started with the next integration use case today. We get started with the next integration use case today. And that is a file transfer service. We briefly discussed this use case in our data session. We briefly discuss this use case in our day 2 session. And I'll explain the use case one more time. Assume that you are doing an implementation for a manufacturing client. Uh, let's say that uh, your client has an internal data management system. Let's call it application A. And we have items in application in, which get updated. And whatever item updates are done in internal various management system. Let's call it application A. So complication A would generate items, CSV files, and those CSV files, would add the item update information, would have the item update information. And those files. Those files would look something like this. Those funds would look something like this. It would be CSV files with item update with item updates on it. And those CSV files would be placed in compremissive baby server. So wonder gamer system with 2 ways? On a periodic basis, sorry, probably once in a day or every one hour. On a frequent basis. WMS would be generating items, USV files, and RWMS would be placing those files in SFTP support one. In SFTP server one. And uh, but remember, this is an on-premise FTP server. And item 5 would replace there. And I assume that the same client is using a 3rd party system. 3rd party shipping application. It can be ODM or it can be any other application from Oracle or non-Oracle. They are basically using a shipping application. And that shipping application of that 3rd party system should have access to those item update funds because they need to have updated item information at their end. But tell me one thing is, can I go to the client and ask them to expose on from SFTP server to the 3rd party size? Can I do that? There might be a lot of other sensitive information. There might be a lot of other sensitive information. And that might be there in on-premissive TP so long. There might be a lot of other sensitive information that might be there in on-grem, except to be server. Which which should not get exposed to 3rd party system. So yes, our soul system is writing plans to serve a one SFTP server one, which is an on-drum system. It's called a S source. But I cannot give access to the system to a 3rd party or application B. I cannot give access off the system to a 3rd party or application B. It is not possible. Because there are a lot of other sense to files that we have here. And what's the only other option that is available? I go to application B and I tell them, I asked them, boss, is there any other system? Was he there any other system that you have access to? Is there any other system that you have access to? Now, a 3rd party might say, a person I have, I have, my own SFT, so. I have a 3rd I have my own SF to be sober. Let's call it SFTP server 2. It's a target activity server. And just to indicate that these 2 are different SFTP server, SFTP hosts, just to indicate that these are 2 different servers. I've mentioned a sample host name as well there. I've mentioned a sample host name there. Okay. Now, application B or a 3rd party has access to an SF2P server. Let's call it server 2 target SF2P server. And a 3rd party says, Prasad, if you can transfer the files, Whatever WMS system or whatever piles are WMS system. Ease writing are to server one. If you can please transfer those files to server 2, then I'll be able to pick them up from server 2 and I'll process those item updates at my end. Or in my system. So you would come across a lot of scenarios like this in real time, guys, where in. Source would be writing files to one location, whereas the target expects the file to be in a different location. Whereas the target expects the files to be in a different location. So how do you handle that? That's exactly when, so to handle such use cases, we used to have a product called MFT from Oracle case, mainage file transfer from Oracle. And this is a pretty good product, guys, and it's very easy to use as well. Whenever we had to handle such use cases, what we used to do is. We used to just log into Fusion Cloud application. We used to log into solution cloud application. And we used to Sorry, we used to log into MFT and in MFT, in MFT, or we used to just create a transform. We used to create a trance. So we used to establish a connectivity with a source target and then we used to set up a run score. And then we used to set up a transco. Okay. So we, it is very easy. to achieve transfers like this. It is very easy. to achieve transfers like this in a product like MFT. Just log in, create a source, create a target and create a file transport. But a police note where Oracle is not offering a new license. RFL is not offering a new license for this product anymore. It could probably be because of whatever you could do, whatever you could do. By building a scheduled integration in OIC. Or whatever you could do in MFT, you can probably achieve it in OIC by building a scheduling service. So that's probably why Oracle is stopped offering a license for this product. And what is it that we need to do ways? We need to go ahead, we need to go ahead and talk to them. We need to go ahead and talk to them. Uh, Yeah, we need to go ahead and build a fine transfer service 1st of all, and with the help of a file transfer service, what is it that we would do? We would transfer files from sources at TP server to the target SFTP server. So as usual, what do we need to do best before we create an indication? You need to establish connectivity with a source of TP server and a targeted TP server. And even before we understand how to connect to SFTP servers from OIC instance, even before we understand how to connect. Uh, how to connect to SFTP servers using FTP adaptors. You need to understand. You need to understand how to connect to FTP server first. From our laptops. Because for testing purpose, we might also have to place the files and after we run the service, we also need to validate the end result, right? So you need to know how to connect to SFTP servers from the laptops first. And how do we connect to an SFTP server from laptop, a laptop base, we need to use them. SFTP client or a tool for it. And, uh, some of you might have heard of a witness CP and a metal when you might have used it as well. So this is basically a tool to connect to SFTP servers from our laptops. Remember guys, a win a CP is not recommended. Please don't use it. Because when you try to use WinSCP, And you try to connect to my SFTP server. You might get invalid message number error. Some of the versions of NSCP throws an invalid message number error when you try to connect to SFTP server that I have given you access to. First of all, all of you, please open up the onboarding email case. In that onboarding email, I've mentioned the OSFT below incredentials. In that onboarding email, I've mentioned, SFTP login preventions. Okay. And that onboarding email, I've mentioned SFTP credentials. We need to use it too, and if you try to connect to it from within CP, if you get invalid message number, don't worry. We know that it is a bug with with a specific versions of NSCP. Please go ahead and install files in the. That is a tool called finds in there that you can go ahead and install directly. You can install it directly. And after you search for it, you have an option to download a client. And the server. You have an option to download client and the server. Client is basically a tool that you want to use to connect to a TP server and server is like installing an FTP server within your system. We don't need this. Just go ahead and download the files in that line. It's free of courseways, and it is available for all the operating systems. It's available for Mac, LineX, and Windows as well. So if you're using Windows machine, choose appropriate platform. Download the executable file. Double click on it and install the tool. And once the files in the 2 is installed, you will start seeing a shortcut like this. You will start seeing a shortcut like this, like FC, showing up on your laptop. And the moment you click on that shortcut, while Zilla 2, the moment you click on that tool, it opens up, the tool opens up. And this is how it's going to look like. And another important point, guys, don't use a Quick Connect option. In the onboarding email, I've given you the SFTP login details, right? Given the SFT belonging details. So these are the SFTP credentials that I shared with you, SFTP hosts, vote, use an event password. Since all AC instances down, I'm not really sure whether this FTP is working or not, but we'll give it a try. So I have given SAPP host port, use an event password, so I copy the, and um, I see some people do this. They try to use the quick and adoption. In files enough. Please now be as quick an adoption in files a lovely work if the port number is 22. If the court is 22 quick and it would work, But the SFTP server that I've given you guys access to, it uses a different boat, not 21 or 22. So that's why I don't use QuickConnect and don't use WinnSCP. It doesn't even a CP doesn't work and in files will also don't use Squid Connect. Instead, if you click on this icon, Open site manager option. And here you would be able to see that you can create a new connection here if you want, create a new connection. And the 1st and foremost thing you need to do was change the protocol to SFTP. Remember this server, this SFTP server that I'm giving you guys access to is an SFTP server. It's not a TP, it is a CTP server. So choose SFTP and you need to enter the host. And you need to enter the username. And what's the password for this is, the password for this, for this is exactly the same password that you, that you have for OYCI user. So whatever is the password that we have for this user for OIC, the same password would hold to here. Enter the whole select SFTP into the host port, username, and the password, and when you enter the password, and when you enter the password, what do you do? When you enter the password? You would copy it, you can copy it from that. From the onboarding email. It's the same as a Lexi. And it is with those details, I created a connection already. It is with that same details, I created a connection. you see a host. What? Username and a passport. With the same detail that I've mentioned, and you enter all the details and hit connect. And that will get you connected to the SFTP server. And once you're connected to the SFTP server, this is what you get to see. Once you're connected to SFTP server, this is what you see. You can go ahead and create a new folder for yourself here. And create a new fold over yourself. All right, you can go happy. With the same detail that I've mentioned, and you painted the connection already from the onboarding email. It's the same as OIC. And it is with those details, I created a connection already. It is with that same detail that created a connection. Already you see a host. Vote, username and a passport. With the same detail that I've mentioned, and you enter all the details and hit connect. And that would get you connected to them, SFTP server. And once you're connected to the SFTP server, this is what you'll get to see once you're connected to SFTP server, this is what you see. You can go ahead and create a new folder for yourself here. And create a new folder for yourself. And uh, when I, um, and and when you create a new folder, please follow a specific naming convention. So assumes your initials. So for example, if I make this practicing this, you can probably create a folder with a name as Amit AM, Amit Metra. Use your initials, 1st name, last name, Amit Mitran. Create a folder with that name, use small letters, that's a convention. And whatever folders that you need to create, remember, will you be using FTP in few more use cases as well? And whenever you have to create a folder by yourself. In the FTP sober, don't don't touch other folders. Read your own folder and play around in your own folder itself. Okay. So this way you need to connect to the SFTP server from your laptops. And I'm going to connect to the SFTP server, the same SFTP server, not as user one. But I'm going to log into it as Presa. I'm logging in with my credentials. And uh, I would go ahead and create a connection as stressor and here I'm going to create a new batch, new folder by your batch. And I'll create required for the structure here. But when you practice it, log in as user, one create your own folder. And you put your folder structure in there. So I'm going to create a new folder called UG 86. And in this folder, I'm going to create under required folder structure. So I'd call it as fine transfer service. And we call it as, I don't know, we create three folders input. Archive. And output. I'll talk about the usage of other 2 bolders in some time. But you go to the input and what is it that we do based? What is it that we do? Uh, would be doors. We go to the WMR system to bold us 3 force. And we call it as And we create 3 folders input. Okay. And output. Okay, what are the usage of other two folders in some time? But you go to the input and what is it that we do based? What is it that we do? What we do is we go to the WMR system. A week go to the WMS system and we tell them, uh, we go to the WMS system, we tell them, uh, assume that, assume that this is an SFTB server one. Assume that and this is SFTP server one, SU United is SFT piece over one, that we are connected to. And we would ask WMS system to connect to this SFTP server to come into this input folder in file transfer service. And we would answer WMS system to place the item CSV files in this photo. And since we don't have a WMS system available here to place the items, yes, we fancy, or what is it that we put to? We would go ahead and place a few sample files ourselves. Because after we build intuition, we should also test it, right? So I'm placing a few item update files here as a WMSS to get. Assume the WMS is doing get, would do it every one hour or every day. What is it that we need to do? We need to make these files so we need to transfer these files from server one to server two. So that those files can be consumed by application B and they have the latest item amount to details that. So we've seen how to connect to SFTP, so from a, from a, SFTP client, like files in that. But how do we connect to this SFTP server from OIC guys? In OIC, we should be creating how do we connect to SFTP server and let me create a temporary folder, you know? So I'm going to create UG 86 project. But I'm using a temporary OSC instance. I'll do it today and tomorrow until I show what production of the instances resolved. And what's the 1st thing that we need to do? We need to go ahead and create the required connections. And what connection do we need? Remember, I need to talk to. FTP server. Remember, there's the file server that I've given you access to, right? The file server I've given you access to. This file servers can be of 2 types. It can be FTP, which stands for file transfer protocol. They use 421. Or it can be SFTP, which stands for secure shell while transfer protocol. The only difference is, I said, PP is slightly more secure when compared to it. Okay? And the server that I've given you guys access to the server that I've given you guys access to is an SFTP server. Isn't SFPP solo? So the server that I've given you access to is an SFTP server and how do you connect to what? You connect to it by using the SFT decline. Just give me one moment, guys. Uh, so, uh, we, so this will be with, uh, Connected to SFTP server, choosing an appropriate option in piracy there. But how do you connect to FTP and SFTP servers from OIC days? Because from OIC also, I should be able to connect to the site only, then I can based on the file screen to file, a move to file, or download the file, weekend for me to do the file related operations. I should establish connectivity from OAC with a server. And how do we do it? By inducing creating a connection using FTP an actor. And when you create a connection using FTPN app, this connection would help you. This connection would help you to talk to SDP servers. The same adapter you can use to talk to FTP as well as SFTP servers. So I'm going to call it as UG 86 FTP connection. Created. And I'm going to create this as a source of TP connection. Remember this, we need 2 FTP connections for this. We need a source of TP connection to pick up the files from server one and we need a target FTP connection. Two, write the files to a target, so and remember the host name that we enter is going to be different. Source has a different post and target is a different one. And the moment you create an FTP connection, It would prompt you to enter the FTP dates. Remember, when we created ERP connection, what are the details that it prompted us to enter ways? When we created ERP connection or when we created rested after our soap service, it has shown me appropriate properties, right? So if it is a soap connection, it has shown me a wisdom URL. Now I'm creating FTP connection. It is asking me to inter FTP details. Let's enter my activity details here. Mentoring the host. What? And I would enter the username. I would enter the user name. And I've also entered the password. And after you enter the SFTB host port username and password, when you test the connection. You can use either of these options. You can use either of them. And when you test it, what is it that you get to see? You would see another message popping up now. I just want to show you the other and I also want to show you how to resolve it. Sometimes what would happen is when you create a connection, some properties might have been marked as optional properties. But even though they are optional, until you enter a value in that property, the connection will not go through. Okay, so in this particular case, we should see another. And it says unable to access host. It is asking me to verify the host and vote and this last line gives you the answer. If you are trying to connect to SFTP server. Then, but yes, this is an SFTP server. This is an SFTP server that you're connected to. If you are trying to connect to a FTP server. Then we need to choose, there is an SFTP connection property, the optional properties. You have an SFTP connection property. On that property, we need to choose, yes. But we need to choose, yes. So you're going to optional properties, and you can choose it as yes. SFTP connection, choose it as yes, even though it is optional, you have to choose it as yes, in case it is an SFTP server, only then the connection will go through. You might run into some situations like this, nice. So, I guess please note that it's something is part as optional. Don't think that you should not enter it. And we see the connection is 100%. I can go ahead and save the connection. And this connection will help me. This connection will help me. To talk to them on from SFTP server. Or SFTV server one. Now, I remember this in the integration after we read the file from here. We need to write the plan to target FTP, so we're great. Remember, this is a, this is a different accepting people's altogether. So what do we have to do? We need to create another connection. Because I'm going to read the file from this FT piece over. I need to write the file to a different server, right? So I'll have to create another connection. You can get TPN app, too. I already called it as UG 86 FTP connection target. And I would go ahead and create it. I am now in the targeted TP connection. What is it that you enter here? What details you interfere? You could get you would get the 3rd party. Remember, this is a 3rd party SF to be so wrong. You go to the 3rd party. Ask them to shade you the SFTP log in details, and whatever SFTP login details you've got from 3rd party, you will be entering the video. Okay, the 3rd party SFTP details has to go in here. But since we don't have a 3rd party to give in the login credentials, to give the 3rd party a set TP server details. And also remember, remember this, this SFTP server that we have given you access to, right? I remember it is not a free service. It is a paid service that we take from a window. And since the SFT piece over that we are using is a paid service. It's a paid service. What is it that we're going to do? We would use sensitive paid service, we have only one service. Okay, with it. Since we've put only one server, I would enter the same SFT belonging. Intense in the target connection as well. Since it is a paid SFTP is over and since we have only one server, I would enter the same SFTP details in the Target connection as well. But in real time, when you get this integration, the only minor changes in the target connection, you would enter the details shared by 3rd party, not the same details. Okay, just pay that in mind. And I see. Into the host boat. It is an SFTP connection. That's the connection. And when's the connection, the statistics of this, we need 2 connections, and we have both the connections now. And we have both the connections now. Now, before I go ahead and build the integration before I go ahead and build the indication, I want to talk about one important concept. Now, what is it that we are going to do in this use case, guys? Yes, WMS is going to write the files too. On Premier TP server. WMS is going to place the files. In this use. Now, before I go, I just... TB details in the task, in the target connection as well. Since it is a patient, the only minor changes. And I say, Enter the host boat. It is an SFTP connection. That's the connection. And once a connection is tested, successfully remember ways, we need 2 connections. And we have both the connections now. And we have both the connections now. Now, before I go ahead and build the integration before I go out and build indication, I want to talk about one important concept. Now, what is it that we're going to do in this use case, guys? Yes, WMS is going to write the files to comprement TP server. WMS is going to place the files. In, uh, place the files like this in contrenet TV server. In contrenet TP server. And with the help of integration, I'm going to Read the files from source and I would write it to the 3rd party or a target FTP server. And uh, I remember this, uh, if it's an on-drim server, it is within the client network and you would be able to connect to it only if you are in VPN. So it's more secure. But when I place the files, when I read the file from, say, let's say, I read items one dot CSV file, from this ponderance server, and let's say, I write it to server 2 room. Let's say, all right, the file to server tomb. But this is a 3rd party SFTV server. It sits in cloud. And yes, of course, there is a user name and password. But when I transfer the files from servo one to server two, one obvious thing that I can do is I can pick up the CSV files, as soon as I can pick up the CSV files, and I can place it in the server too. And I can place it in server too. But when I place the CSV files, when I place the CSV files, as a plane senior C files, in server 2, What would happen, guys? When you read the phantom, so we'll write it to a server to What's the problem? What would happen? A problem is, if somebody cracks the password, if somebody cracks the password of Targeted TP server, and it got able to come into SFTP server too. And if you place those items, CSV files, as a plain CSV files in server 2, if you place those CSV finals. As a playing CSV files, in server tomb. And what would happen is? If somebody is able to crack the password and come in, they see a CSV file there. And they can just do a right click on the file, open it with a text editor. They can see the content. My content, overstand exposed, if I play those CSV files or text files, I see in server 2, if somebody crats the password and gets in there, my content will stand exposed. And remember, basically, if it is item of data, that's okay, even if somebody grabs the password and comes in there, they open the file, they see the item updates, that's fine. But what if it is not items? Maybe you have your placing a payments file with bank accounts information in it. Or what if it is in price file, which has probably the SSN members in it? So if the files that you're transferring from on print servers to a 3rd party FTP servers, One obvious thing is you can place them as an easy, which has that race. Meaning if somebody grants the password and gets in there, our content will stand exposed. So if the files that you're transferring contains sense to information, then inch of placing those playing files, text files, as these. What is it that we can do? We normally undo a PGP encryption on the file. We encrypt the CSV file. And we place the PGP encrypted file in the target FTP solo. So when we write the file to Target, we don't write the file as a plane CSV instead. We do up in GP encryption on the time. And we place the encrypted violin server to, and we share the decryption key with application being, and we take the boss. We are not going to ride the planes, yes, we files, and so on, you know, target so long. Instead, we would place encrypted files and server to. And we share them a decryption key and we tell them, boss, this is a key that this is a decryption key you need to use to decrease that file and then process it at your end. So if I place the files, not as a plane CSU, but as an encrypted file, I can sleep peacefully. I don't really care, even if somebody comes the passport and gets into it. Because my content is secure. If somebody opens an encrypted phone, they cannot read the content of it. Okay. And uh, I remember when it comes to encryption, PGP is number one encryption that we have in the market today. And I'm sure there must be at least few of you who might be hearing PGB for the 1st time. Don't worry. Yes, we've seen how we can use FTP Adaptor to connect to FTP and SFTP. And after we create a connection, we can use the ATP connection NYC to beat the files and to write the files as well. And I don't know, there's the FTP adaptor, we know, I see supports PGP encryption out of the box. PGP stands for pretty good privacy. And it is one of the industries leading encryption mechanism that we have today. It's just that FTP adapted in OIC supports PGPN. option. Now, I want to take a 15 minutes. And explain what exactly or how exactly PCP encryption works, since some of you might be hearing it for the 1st time. It stands for pretty good privacy. And when you create a PGP key, there would be 2 a separate generated public and private. Public is used to include the file private is used to deep dip it. Now, where do we create the PGT keys from? You have 1000s of tools in the market, you have 1000s of tools in the market, from where you can create PGPT. And the easiest thing to do was, and you can also do it from fusion cloud application. You can also do it from fusion cloud application. So if you go into a Google Drive sheet, where we have fusion cloud instances. I'm accessing the 2nd instance here, 2nd instance here, ET 18, and I logged into it as finance implementation user. You can log in as any user. And once you log in here to generate PGP keys, you go into tools. You can use any of the instances. You can go into tools. security console. And if you go into certificates, You would see an option to generate a certificate from, you know, PGP certificate. You can generate PGP keys from 1000s of tools available in the market today. And we do have that option infusion cloud as well, and usually clients would be doing it confusion cloud itself. And when I create a key, I want to create it with a name as UG 86 PGPG. Give it a name, and use the same name as a pass place, use the same name as a pass. This is like a secret or password for the key. And we need to choose 3 options here, and these 3 options are going to determine how complex the key is going to be. And just sell it the latest options available in events. I'm creating it as an artist, say, key 2048 characters long. A S 256 is unclear term that I use. So that other the key that gets in it would be pretty complex. And you can go ahead and click on saving clothes. Search for that particular key, and once the PGP key is indated, there are 2 keys that would be generated internally public. And what can you do with the public key? You can encrypt a file. And what can you do with the private keyboard or file that you're equipped with that public key? You can decrypt it using this private key. And when you export up a private key, you would be prompted to enter a path space. And whatever the password is that you interview, enter it here and you quickly conceal that. So you have public and you have priorities. Public is used to encrypt the file, private is used to decrypt it. Now what is it that we have to do now? Uh, no, let me uh, show you how to uh, do a PGP encryption on using this E and how do you decrease it? Now to see the PGP in action, What we can do is you can go into a Google search for this particular URL base. pgptool.github.au. It is a free tool. It is a free tool. And it is available for Windows, Linux and Mac, yes. Just download the tool. There would be an exhibitable file that gets downloaded, double pick on it and install it. And once you install the tool in your Windows machine, You would be able to see a knocker symbol like this, you will be able to see a motor symbol like this. On your laptop and you just have to, on your desktop, you see it. You double click on it and the 2 will be launched. And if you are using Linux or macOS, there would be a JR file that gets downloaded. There would be a chance that gets downloaded. You need to launch that Chart 5. You need to launch the chart pipe. So since I'm using macOS, I have that JR friend with me, and I'll go ahead and launch that JR friend to open the tool. And I'm launching a PGP tool, a JRI file. In your Windows machine, after you install it, you just have to double click on the short button desktop to launch the tool. And once it is turned, I can go into carings and I can import the PGP key. Remember this, we generated the case, right? So we can copy these keys. We can paste it here. And I need to import those PGP keys into the system. or into the tool. I'm going to UG 186 and I'll choose the keys and I'll import it. And I can choose a keypad and I import it. Choose the key there and import it. And after you import the PGP team, a we can go into a we can choose encrypt by the option. And I can go into UG 86 and I'll choose item one dot CSV. items one. CSV and I'll try to encrypt it. And actually encrypted, I want to place the fund to the same location, but the file extension also I want to have. So I'm trying to encrypt items for not CSV and that encrypted file I want that would be generated. I want that file to have an extension of items one.csv.pjp to indicate that it is an encrypted file. And you need to pick and choose what key do you want to use to encrypt it and by default, what do whatever keys that you have? Whatever keys that you have loaded into the studio will be able to see all those keys. I'm just done checking in. And I choose only. I choose only. Indeed, 860. One which was on the new G 86 and I'll also say delete source 5 encrypted. But the moment you encrypt it, you're seeing items one.csv, deleted, and you see items one.csv.pgp. So if I place items one.CSC, if I place a plane CSC, I like this, king to the target subform. If somebody cracks the password and gets in there, they open up while they see the content like this. But instead of placing items one.CSV, what is it that I would own? I would encrypt that file and I'll place that encrypted file. I'll place the 1058 file in the target. I'll place an encrypted file in the target. And when we place an encrypted file in the target, like goodness, even if 3rd party, even if somebody cracks the password and gets into the target, so, they'll see this CSV.PGP file, not CSV. And they try to open it with a text steady term. They try to open it with a text editor. And this is what they get to see. Can you see the content of the smile race? Here we can see the content, right? But if I encrypt the file and place encrypted file in the 3rd party server, if somebody grabs the passport and comes in there, would you be able to see the content here? You won't be able to understand it. And who is the only person who can read the content of this file? Only the person who has this private key, only the person who has this pilot key, would be able to decrease this file and read the content and what I would do. I would share this privately with a 3rd party application, B, and 10, the boss. I'm going to place, I'm going to place encrypted funds like this in the 3rd party server. in the 3rd party server. And when you read the file from your MTP server, it would be encrypted file. So you use this private key. To decrease the file and then process it at your end. So this way, if I'm writing a files that contain sense to information to a 3rd party, suppose. I can still do it peacefully. And remember this encryption and decryption, you don't do it on A file. Instead, you do it only on the funds that are sensitive information. But the speech encryption and the encryption comes into picture. In 2 scenarios, in IC guys, it can be an inbound or it can be an outbound. If it is an inbone, what does it mean? It means that a 3rd party or a source system is giving you a file. We need to encrypt the fund with a public need. We need to encrypt the file with the public team. And we share a private, and sorry, 3rd party will include the file with a public key, and they would share a private key with us, since it is the solar system generating a file, they encrypt it with public, they share a private key with us. And what do we do? In FTP connection, we have an option to upload a private QV uploaded there. And when we use FTP connection in the integration, We would take one walk, which says, listen, do you want to decrypt the file? So FTP connection gives you a provision to upload the keys public and drive in case you upload them there. And when we use the connection in the integration, we'll see you tomorrow. When we use the connection in the integration, you would see one checkbox, which they say, result, do you want to impact on decrease the files? We take those boxes. So in case we're getting encrypted file, we get a private key and we upload it in MTP. And in case it is outboarded, meaning we are writing a file to 3rd party FTP servers for downstream processing. Then we encrypt a file with a publicity, we enclip the file with a public key like what we're doing here. And we share a privacy with the 3rd party. And 3rd party uses a private key to decrypt it. Now think about it and answer this. So in these 2 connections, in these 2 connections that are created in OIC, Do we need to upload any key NFTP in a source FTP connection? Do we need to upload any key and source FTP connection? I don't need to write because the file that is placed by WMS system is not an encrypted one. But in the target FTP connection, when I use the target FTP connection, and when I try to do a right final operation to the target FTP server, What do I want to do? I want to encrypt the file. So I go into the Target connection and what key is required to encrypt the final case. Is it a public or private key? What can you require to increase the file? Public is required, but... Public, public for encryption, private for decryption. Public for encryption, private for decryption, no confusion level. Okay? Just try to memorize it. And here, when I arrive the file using this connection, I need to encrypt a file, so to encrypt up a line, it upload a public key. So in your security, if you're going to optional security, you have an option to upload the public in. I go and upload it. And I choose ask here my encryption format as, yes. And when I generated the ski infusion code application, I've chosen AS 256 as an algorithm. And then I wrote the key, I'll choose that algorithm. So this way in the FTP connections, you would upload the public or drive in keys as appropriate depending on whether you want to encrypt the file or take the file in this use case. I want to use this connection to encrypt a file, so I'm uploading public key. And tomorrow you will notice that when I use this connection to do a right final operation, I would say one checkbox would say espresso, do you want to encrypt it? I would take that checkbox. Oh, I see will come into the connection, pick up the public, and it would encrypt it. And that encrypted file would be placed in 3rd party SFT server. And that encrypted fan would be placed in 3rd party SFT, so. So let's talk here for today, tomorrow, I would explain the steps required to build indications, that's that we need to plug into the integration. And then we get started with indication, but Any questions guys from anyone? So, system, what about source system security? Because they are giving only CSU? Since they're writing the files to on-prim server. Which is within a VPN network. There is no need for you to encrypt it. There is no need for WMS system to encrypt the plans there. But since we are pulling the files from on comes over and dropping it in a 3rd party of TP server, we have to include it. Yes, so much. Is there any limitation for the file size, uh, Prasad? That is definitely a limitation for a file size. There is a half an hour story that I need to explain, to answer that question. I will talk about it in detail when we do FPD and integration. That's fine. Yeah, about to ask the size. So he already... Yeah, got it. One important point is the moment I talk about file. There are 10 questions that might come to your mind. And you guys asked only one, what is the file says, but let me ask you a few more questions. What are the files, a file format supported in OIC? Can we generate new funds within integration? Can we convert file from one format to another format? Can we done the data received from filing to a database? Can we do a bulk transformational validation? The answer is yes for all of these questions. And if your point is, okay, so show me how it is done in OIC, we will definitely do it in detail when we do the FPDA integration. Certainly, there is a finalized limit and there is also a way to work around that as well. We'll do it in FPDM.
