
I'll go ahead and share my screen. And, uh, let me close all the applications that I don't need. In today's session, we'll create our 2nd integration in OCK and I'm going to create this integration. Yes, there are a few miscellaneous options that we need to talk about. So for example, when we create a connection or within the connection, and when we activate the integration, there are a few options that we get to see. didn't discuss them yet. I'll be covering them in a Monday session. And in put a session, we would build our 2nd integration in OIC, build our 2nd integration. You know, I see. And since we've already seen how to create a SAPL, it's going to create this. Let's create this. As a soap service. And what is it that we want to do guys? In this integration? Yes, I want to show you how to build this as a soap service. And we should take in 1st thing as input prepics, so, and send it back as a response. Now you might say, hey, so I didn't, uh, I didn't end up in the coast to build, uh, Hollywood services. teach me some complex educations. Don't worry about it, guys, all the integrations that we're going to build from this one onwards would be complex. And there are a couple of very good reasons why I've included this in a course content. There are a couple of good reasons why you have included this in the course content. Okay, so, uh, to the 1st reason is, the 1st reason why I included this in a course contender is, I want to show you, what is the exact difference between the soap service and the rest API building OIC? What are the exact differences between the soap service and the estate neighborhood? You know, I see. Okay. What is the soap, what is that? The, the, the, the, the, the. Yeah, well, go see that in a moment. So, uh, how do we, uh, I just want you to help every, uh, I just want to make sure that all of you understand the exact difference between soap and dress. You can soap and rest. That's one reason, and the 2nd reason is uh, in case of Augustin, in case of Augustin, there are 2 types of visits available. There are 2 types of systems available. It is an abstract listed file, or a concrete listing model. You have an abstract listed pile, and you have concrete waste on your app. Now, what are these visitors? We will become a latest part of possession today. Okay. Now, as usual, you need to build a source service. So what should be my 1st step, guys? Can I directly go on it and build the indication? I should create the required connections first. Now, for this indication, do we need to poppo any system, guys, Piki, or HCM, or sales force? But as integration. I just received name. I need to put a pixelo and send it back as a response. I don't need to. I don't need to plug in. I don't need to plug in. It's basically an indication that I need to build. I would be taking in 1st name as input. I mean, it should take a name as input. We just have to pick someone and send it back as a response. Send it back as a response. Now, for this integration, I don't need to interact with any external system. I don't need to interact with any external system. I don't need to interact with any external system. Instead, I just need to do a formatting on the input and set it back. So I need only a trigger connection for this. I don't need a trigger connection for this and I would have to, but still, after I've been to service, client should be able to trade it. Client should be able to trigger it, passing post name and get back the response. So, since I want to expose this indication as a soap service, I'll create it with a soap adaptor. And I say, usually, 86. I love world soap connection. And I'm going to create this connection with a roller trigger. I'm going to create a disconnection with a rollest trigger. And uh, If I go ahead and open the soap trigger connection. Okay, there was a data we have created yesterday. And let me also open the connection. In a rest trick or connection, remember this, what did we do yesterday? We created a, we created a SDPI. And when I created the rest API, I created a restrictor connection 1st and then I used this connection as a starting point in integration and I created a rest API. Okay? And when you create a restrigal connection, you only select security policy in the restrigal connection. Don't worry about option one entry. We'll talk about it later on. But you see that we only select a security policy, you know, trigger connection. We only said the security policy. And we don't enter any connection properties here whatsoever. And when I use that connection in the integration, and when I use that connection in identication, that we deactivate it. When I use that connection in the integration, as a 1st node, in that particular, at that particular point itself, or when I use that connection as a post automatic integration, here we are mentioning, what is it that you want to receive as input? What is it that you want to receive as input? And also what is it that you want to send back in the response? What is it that you want to send back in the response? Okay, to keep it simple. In a restrical connection, you don't enter any connection properties. You just set the security policy and you know what this controls. Best trigger connection, you don't enter anything except the security policy. And when you use that rest, trigger connection, when you use that rest, trigger connection, in the integration, when you use a frastrical connection in indication. In the trigger mode, you would mention, what is the sample request we don't and what is the sample response we load? Is that either how you mentioned? What is the sample request figure and what is the sample response period? Right? So, which means, Since it is a hello addressed API, I'm configuring force name as input and I'm sending deleting as a response. But tell me one thing is, I can use the same restrical connection, assume that you won't have any hollow keyboard. I can use the same restrical connection tomorrow and I can build a POSTPI. And when I use this connection, in that PVS API, in the input, I can pass in the Pboard details. And in the response, I can see the PVO head already back. Yes, or no? quite possible, right? Because in the integration, uh, when you use that loading integration as a personal area of Instagram, input and output photos. And I can also use the same restrical connection day after tomorrow to build AR invoices API. And I would configure your email details as input, I send, like, invoice, I read the response. So how many restrical connections you need for the entire project? Only one connection is sufficient because in the rest, your connection, you don't mention anything. But when you use the connection in the integration, when you use the connection in the integration, depending on the use case, if it is colored, you receive those names and by reading. If it is purchased out of Arabia, you receive BOREA, and you send the PO head rate. If it is AR invoice, you receive invoice details, you send back AI invoice ID. But that is not the case with a soap services. In a case of so connection, I cannot just hate the Tesla button without entering the connection properties. I definitely have to enter the connection properties. And uh, I need to enter either a concrete waster URL or you need to upload an abstract to cell file. I've introduced 2 newtons. Concrete, Mr. URL, abstract, was still five. No, what's the story with these uh, with these pistols? Let me just close all of my tabs. I might have created PLC called packages earlier, right? So when you get a PLC per package, what is it that we normally do? We can get a specification 1st and in the specification, you will just mention what procedures or functions you want to implement. And you would mention that input parameters, output parameters. And but you won't have any calculation logical, you won't have the implementation logic in the specification. But in the package body, in the package body, that is where you mention. The package holder is what you mentioned. All the, this is where you mentioned, all the implementation logic. This is where you mention all the implementation logic. Even exactly similar fashion, when you create an answer, for example, if you're doing tax calculation package, you might have a procedure to calculate tax, wherein you pass in. Amount and tax rate as input. You get the tax amount as output, you're having prepare parameters, you have output. And uh, when you um, in the, in the specification, you would just have the syntax, the procedure and input out to parameters, and it is in the PL sequel body that is where you plug in a calculation logic, where you say tax amount, per amount, into tax rate by hundred, and you send the saxon back. In an exactly similar fashion, when you build associate service, You can create a specification for a sorted service in the form of a file, and that is what we normally call as abstract wisdom. That is what we normally call as abstract wiston, and why is it called as abstract, because in this wiston file, so this is like a specification or a file wherein you are just mentioning. what operations you want to implement, and to those operations you have request response may say is attached. And in those request respond messages, there are custom data types, they find it attached. So, uh, when you build a SoKit service, you can start off your integration using an abstract to still find, which is nothing but a specification for a SoKit service. And let me show you how that abstract was still fine is going to look like. I did share this with you in a material photo. You have greetings, Dr. still fine. And if you see here, in this, we still file, remember, it is nothing but a specification for us, opip service, wherein I just created a text while save it as we still. And here I'm mentioning, what are the operations that I want to implement? So I want to implement 2 operations, reading and reading too. You have the operations here. What operations do you want to implement? And again, for each operation, you have input and output, and do the input and output of the operations. We have the request and the response messages attached. Okay? And you see that this request and the response messages are defined before this, and in the request message, you have a, you have a data type attached, because data type, I mean the response message, you have a response data type attached. And in the request and response data types, you have, you have the exact attribute, what attribute you want to receive as input you have at least here. And what activities you want to send back in the response, you have at least you. So what is it that I'm doing in this abstract list? It is basically a file, a specification for a Societ service wherein you just mentioned what options do you want to implement? And undo the operation, you attach messages, and in those messages, you use data types, and those data types, you define as a 1st step, those data types, you define as a 1st step, mentioning the required attributes within them. So, yeah, custom data types defined, request and response data types, and those data types are attached to messages. And those messages are attached to operation under a port type element. And you also have finding here. But what is one important thing missing in this abstract listed device? I said, I want to receive 1st name and I want to send back reading. But do you see an implementation logic here? Maybe we are prefixing hello to the 1st name and sending it or sending it to the greeting? Do we have the implementation logic? We don't have it. Right? So that is why this is called as an abstract twist. You will not have an abstract list that you will only update a type messages, operation, and a binding, but you won't have the service details. You don't have the implementation details, that would be missing. That would be missing. So, uh, whenever you will come over, when you build a Soapkip service, you can start off your Soapkip service with an abstract which is still highly required. And after you have a specification, right, easy that what else has shown you, you can go ahead and make use of any education product. Could be sober, could, or could be uh, my telgumio, could be OIC rules off, and you can implement that web service by using an integration product and will be using OIC to do that. So we'll use an abstract system as a starting point in the connection. Then we build an integration, you know, I see, after we build an integration and evacuate it. There would be obviously new margin generated and that is what we call as a concrete system. So let's see how to convert a substantive still fine into concrete business, you water by building an application noisy. So if I go back to the connection, in the connection, there are 2 things that I can upload. I can upload an abstract postal file. Or I can use a concrete with the URL itself. And in this particular integration, in this integration, I'll show you how to use abstract to still file. And when we do the journal import service, and when we do a few integrations later on, when we do, or when we build other soap services down the line, I'll show you how to use a concrete wisted URL in a soft trigger connection. A couple of important points size. If you've been 100 integrations in OIC, if you've been 100 integrations, you know, I see. Hardly till your file services, hardly 5 or 3 to 5 integrations, you would create a soap service. If you win hundred, only 3 or 4 of them would be so. And out of 100 soap services you would build, in 99% of them, you would use the concrete resisted URL in a soap trigger connection, in a soap trigger connection, you use concrete resistance, 99% of the cases. In various of the rate cases, we use abstract was the fine. In very rare cases, we use abstract to still file in a soap trigger connection. First of all, Building a source service itself is very, very rare. We normally build them as rest APIs. And among 100s of services we build, 99% of them we use concrete, we still in a trigger connection, and that is ideally the best practice. But in real cases, we use abstract twister. Now, uh, how does a concrete wisdom in a trigger work? And why it is, why is it a best practice? What is that odd scenario where we use abstract to still find in a soap trigger connection? I'll answer all these questions in detail when we do the channel import service. I'm not going to answer any, any of those questions in today's session, because even if I explain it, I'm 100% sure you won't understand it. Okay. So we would be covering why concrete because there is a best practice. Where do we use a 10% of the cases? What is the odd scenario where we use abstract use still? And what are the disadvantages of using abstract to still then compare to URL? It's the URL, we cover all of that in detail in the German input service. And this integration, I pursued it, just understand how we can make use of an abstract to still try. But please note that we use it very, very weakly. And you don't need to create an abstract U still file. I already shared an abstract list in the in the medical folder. You can directly pick it up from there. Or you can even come to my connection and you can download a Western file from here. And we have a security policy. And for a soap trigger connection, security points, it gets defaulted as using a password token. I'm gonna leave it that way. We already have seen how basic art works and how how art works. And into the session, we'll see how they use an in password talking. So in a sole trigger connection, this will be the default one and then let's see how it works. I test the connection. And after we does the connection, what do we need to do? Go back and save it. And it's time for me to build integration. Indication is simple and straightforward. I'll create an indication. using application time, because client would trigger it from another application, and I call it as, On a world sore connection. Created And I'm going to use that soap connection as a trigger, in the STAP we use as connection in the soap view. So, And we call it a say hello. And at the moment you use a sole connection. Remember this is the sole connection that I've used. This is a soap connection. that I've created. Looks like people are open in the condition at their end. I'm changing the privilege of user one from 82 commute. I'm at open market. So when you are, you know, so pretty connection, you know, so critical connection, we upload it. You would enter either a vista URL or you would upload a western file. So you would have a distance here, it would be a URLR file. And what do I see will do the moment you use that connection, it would stand at crystal. And that was, it could be, you had a lot of high. And whatever operations that you have in that, we still even see them here. And how many operations we hired, this was still guys. This is abstract reason that I uploaded it, how many operations we have here. No operations. and greeting to 2 operations, and those are the 2 operations that you are seeing here. Now, they are basically the same operations, and the reason I have copy pasted it is, I just want to show you how multiple operations would show in the proton here. So in the moment you select an operation, what would have been nice? The moment you say it can operation. That operation would have an input message. And that operation would have a message attached to output. So this operation that you're selling has a request and a response may say that attached. And that request, and the response message, that really cost under response message. Would become the request, would become the request, and the response for the indication. So the moment I choose operation to the operation, a great request is assigned. As I input 3 responses and response. And if you scroll up, to these are to these messages, you have data types assigned. And in the request data, if you have 1st name as input in the response you're completing. So this operation that I'm selecting for you guys. This operation that you're selecting in a soap to your connection. This is like wheat and OIC. Or auto selection, basically determines what would be the request payroll for your integration and what would be the response payable for your education. The moment I select it 3D, 1st name becomes a request payload and greeting becomes a response payload because that is what you see in these 2 messages. So whether you pick up an operation from an abstract pistol or from a concrete system, the behavior would be same, that operation would have a message attached and that message would have a data, it's the same, and that request and response that we need that we have for our operation becomes a request and responsibility on message. And you know very well what happens when you configure a request. very well what happens when you can't figure a trigger connection. with a response in it. ERI selected an operation where you have the 1st and responsible moment, I get finished for policy for 2 days. Would it only configure a trigger node or does it also do something else? Pick one figures a trigger note. And since I picked up an operation in the trigger, which has a response, it's a, so, let me help you a bit, Eon. It would automatically generate a response element. And yes, you receive 1st name, yeah, you're sending bracket in here. Oh, sorry, OCCAs, because I'd also make it. More easy for you, so it would also generate an Apple. The moment you configure a trigger, what the response be node in it, this default behavior, you notice, you notice it, an element and a map add it automatically to the indication. And when you went to the map, In the map, what do we see? We see the 1st name on the source and we see the greeting on the topic. This is straightforward. You have it. But I don't want to map that 1st name to greeting as he's instead, I want to use a contagination. So I say hello space, I'm contatimating hello space to the 1st name. And I'm assigning it to the greeting. And integration is in real status. What do I need to do to change it to a configured state, right? Distances how many are executive practicing? Enable tracking. Enabled tracking, and after I go, do I need to do? Status is configured. Would I be able to? I will be able to activate it. And one important point that I want to extend here is when you activate it as API, when you activate a STAP, what would have been nice? Um, UC at a standpoint, you had a donated when you act with S API. I going to run, I see an option to, I see an option to test the rest APA directly within OIC instance, it is wanting me to enter the post name, and after I ended up posting, I should be able to test the APA directly. I can do the unit testing of the rest APA from within noise instance itself. And after that I can send the endpoint, you are under the 3rd party. And uh, but in case of soap service, in case of soap service. In case of soap service, what is that we need to do in case of soap service? The moment you activate the integration, go into the menu options. It's say a random. It says around details. It says around details. The moment you click on run details, what is it, if you see? We see, how we tell you are generated. And 1st of all, do you guys see an option to run the soap service within OC instance? We don't have an option. We don't have an option to test the soap service directly within OIC instance, it is not possible. Instead, the moment you activate a soap service, they would be able to still you are generated. There would be able to be violent generated. And it is just wisdom that you have to use. Oh, you need to, you would be passing on this facility while to the testing to the client. But before we do that, we need to do a unit testing to understand if it really works. But unfortunately, if it is a rest AP, I can test it within OIC, but it is a soap surface, I have to really on testing tools. I don't have a choice. And how do we, how do we, which testing do, can we use to test the soap services, guys? Okay, bye. And um, before I go to Soapy Way and add it in, I remember, uh, we see this, we still divinal. We see the, who is still divided, here. Now, what is interpreted in the last 10 minutes? We converted. What did we do in the last 10 minutes? A week converted abstract was still fine. We converted this abstract list in file. Into a concrete whistle you are, and by building an integration, you know, I see, we use the substract crystal file, you know, so trigger connection, and we have created this integration, and in this integration, I collected the required logic to fix a lot of the post name as I into greeting, and when I activated this integration, that is a URN generated, and this is what we call, this is what we call as a concrete wisdom. So this is abstract crystal and this is concrete. So what's the difference between these 2 In concrete wisdom? Also, see, even in abstract question, we have 4 elements, right? We have data types. You have the types in, concrete as well. You have the types. And in abstract list, you have messages. Those messages are also available here. And in abstract, we still, you have co-pipe an operation. We have the same thing. We have a boat and we have an operation. And after that we have a binding here, we do have a binding here as well. So apart from, apart from at least, apart from A database, you have database, messages. Operations we can abort to, I mean, the 1st 4 animates. The 1st 4 elements are also there in the abstract system. But what is one additional thing that you see in a concrete distance? One is, which is, concrete twist, it's a surface stack. And this is where you have the endpoint URL details. Remember, concrete will still be wireless and implemented web service. This is like just like a specification where you already know what you want to implement, but you go to integration product implemented, then you activate identification. Then you get an endpoint UR and that is what you call us now. Concrete whistling, the concrete whistle, you have to sorry, see things. Concrete crystal, it would be in the form of a URL, would be in the form of a URL like a contact, and when I call it, who's going to answer my phone call? It is this soap service that we have built and deployed in that advice instance. It is the soap service, built and deployed in new G86 project, and, you know, this production of IC instance, If I call this service, this indication would us do it. And let's copy this. I copy that, I was still URL. And I go ahead and add it to the folder. And let's hope you I create sample request. Let SoPI create sample request. I added it to our own one. Oh my god, it's you. and the cooking. Now, what is it, WCBC that there is a sample request below generated? We see that there is a sample request payload generated for the soap service. And what is it prompting me to enter? It is wanting me to enter the 1st thing. It is prompting me to enter the 1st thing. Sure. And yes, I'm trying to call IUD 86 11. So, service in the production ID instance, it is wanting me to 100%. What's the 1st name that you enter? So for example, I'd say. I need to pass an authentication details. Now, what do you know from yesterday's session is whenever you call an integration in YC? Where do you need to check for the authentication policy or security policy? Whenever you call an indication, such as... You go to the trigger connection. you might use 10 connections in integration, which test connection do you need to check? Always, integration, trigger, connection is what you need to check. And in that trigger connection, you have a security policy, and this will tell you what format you have to pass in authentication details. Now, if I have properly selected Basicon, if I have properly selected Basicon, then I could enter the username and password. I could have entered the username and password. As a DC call. If I've probably changed the security policy to basic art, this would have worked. But what is a security policy by default base for a soap trigger connection? is used in a password token. And since it is using a password token, if I pass in the, if I pass in the credentials as a basic authentication, do you think it would work, guys? There is a mismatch, right? I said, I would be passing in here. I'm saying, oh I see, I'll be passing again, passing in the username and password in the form of a token. That's what I'm saying here. But here I'm passing and using MN password as a basic code. Do you think it would work? You send a request? And when you send a request, you don't see IP, you know, slightly confusing. But, uh, you are an XML tag, if you come wrong, you see the problem. You understand what is the problem? What is the problem that you see? You see unauthorized. UC unapprised. You see, another based here. So, um, even though, yes, I'm I'm doing the actual username and password of voice instant, but I'm still getting this issue because here I said, I'll pass a username and password in the form of a token, not basic occupied property changing to basic or this whatever. So I need to generate a token with a username and password that happened to review. And we do include it. That is exactly where soapheaden comes into picture. Remember, a soap header section is meant to include authentication token. So you go to soap header. Right, click, say at WSS username token, at WSS username token. And when you add a token, a generator token, you can generate a token exposing the password that you have entered here as a text, or you can hash it. Or you can hash it. So if you generate a token using a hashing the password, hashing the password. So you will be able to see that there is a toket generated with a username and password that I entered here. And if I scroll to the right, you will be able to see the password. This is not my actual password, but this is the hash password that we see. So what is it that we normally do? We normally generate totally with this. with a hash password in it, and we share it with other batteries, and ask them to use it to trigger as API. So it trigger a soap service. But there is some problem in otherwise, the instance, guys, the hashed match, has to passwords, has to passwords are not working. Or because of a problem in the OS instance, but in real-time instance, you should not have any problem. When you use a hatched password, it should work. Okay, so when you use a hashed password included token, it should work. But in this, in this always, instance, we're getting a problem. When we use hasht password, ideally, you wouldn't have to spell them in real time. Uh, but whatever was instead of using hats to password. Instead of using hash password, what I would do was. How generate a token? Exposing the password as a text, meaning if I scroll to the right, my password is exposed, my password is added as a text here. It's just it as a normal text. But this token, over the username and password as a text here, woodwork, and if I go ahead and send it, what do you see? You see an immediate response coming back and I passed in, you know, Geeks, I've got to call, you know, Geeks, the response, which means the soap service is working as expected. Yes, here, I generated a token exposing the password, but in real time, we generated a token, digesting the password, or hashing the password, and that, we can reach the 3rd party. And we ask them to use it. When the trigger our integration. And if I go back and do absorbability screen, would I be able to see that paper size? I'd be able to see the same question, I'm sorry, very screen. I should be able to, which does like going to UG 86. I work in the project itself, you have an observed screen, and if you go in there, you should be able to see the soap service. And you can see that this particular service is trigger. And, um, the other 2 because we didn't pass it authentication details in that quite a moment. And if you look on person, you can, you can be able to see what has happened within an indication. Oh, if you are, and I already share this abstract, you're still fine with you. I would already share this abstract to start fine with you. And I'll stress on these 2 points one more time. When you've been 100 integrations, you know, I see, hardly 3 or 4 indications you play it as. So anything else you create as a rest. And out of 100 soap services, you by 99%, we use concrete lists, and that is a discrap piece. Very rare cases we use abstract too still. But I still want all of you to be aware of how to use abstract too still. So that if you encounter that race scenario tomorrow, you would know how to use abstract wistle in a soap trigger connection. But what are those, why, complication is a respect is? What are the our scenarios where we use abstract system and explain it in detail? When we do the journal import service, because when you have a use case in front of you, it'd be easy for you to understand. why you complete is the best practice. An abstract is the I want to be shared a sample with you. You can use this as these when you package. But if you want to create abstract wister also from scratch, you have plenty of online negatives available. You just go to Google and type in abstract with the generator. You have a lot of tools available. You just go to any of the tool, enter the inputs outputs, give an aim to the operation messages. It would automatically generate a system file. Otherwise, if you have JW by install, if you have JW by install. You can also create the AppStat to still file using a J-Doner as well. So I've given a LinkedIn. Slide number four. Go to that link, and in the link, it's an old link, but it still holds COVID. You can open your open, you have screenshots and everything, you can, um, even if you have a while, jailer, but once you have the latest version, use the process is same. Open data report, create a project, and in the party, you create a schema document 1st XML schema, where you can't figure the data types. And here you mention what is the input and what is output? So for example, if you're willing an employee, like, you want to take it in by ideas, input, save us, output, you configure it. I mean, define the data type first. Then you create a Vista document. And in the Western document, it would be completing this. You would be completing the operation, and you attach, and you also different input and output for the operation. You also can input an output for the operation. And after that, you would also be adding no messages. It will also be having the messages for the important output. Okay, so after you artify, after you define a project with a corgus and documenting data, but you can just do rightly and export it. And I would give you this abstract was still fine. Now uh, 2 or 3 important points about a trigger connection, right? A triical connection that you have in an indication will determine 3 things. So the trigger connection that you use in indication will determine. A trigger connection will determine. In what, whether your integration gets exposed as soap arrest, Tell one thing is when I activated this indication. There is a testing point you want integrated. And when I calculated this integration, When I activated this indication, it created a misty model. Tell me one thing is, who has told OYCE that I'm trying to invest here and I'm trying to build Socio? Do you think it looked like the name to decide it? Even if you don't have the SAPU and soap service in the name, even if you don't have SAPU and soap service in the name, the behavior would have been exactly the same. So how is OSC deciding whether to expose integration and so forth? Well done the collection. Yeah, it would look at the trigger connection. And in the trigger connection, Kadakto, Based on the trigger connection adapter, OIC would decide whether to expose it as a soap artist. So in this case, I use this connection. I don't want so connection in that connection, we have a sofa after use. So I'm going to activate integration, it is exposed. So this is exposed as test. And what is the other thing that the trigger connection will determine? Trigger connection, security policy, world it for me. How are you bouncing authentication details? And we did basically how the mutating work, only after I include a token, it started working. And also when we tested the rest ADAs today, initially we've seen how the basic code works and then we have seen how co-ath works. So the trigger connection security policy is going to control. In what format you pass in authentication details when you trigger a service? Very important point, yes, I see even experienced indication, especially with 2 to 3 years of experience. They play they play inky pinky ponky when they are trying to trigger the service size when it comes to passing passing the credentials. They would 1st try basic one. It doesn't work, then the right token. If it doesn't work, then they try to work. Absolute rubbish, guys. You need to have absolute clarity in what you're doing. Whenever you trigger an integration, if I ask you, where do I know in what format I have to pass in the credentials? What's answer? Don't do Thailand error. Go straight to the integration, go to the trigger connection, and in the trigger connection, you have a security policy that tells you in what format. You have to pass in authentication details. Okay, so it's I said using a password book and I'm happy, I have to do the token. And what are the details that we have? Is there any password? Now the 3rd important thing that Africa connection would be to minus. It would control what is the request and response to your service. So in case of recipe for is an SAP that you're bending, when you when you configure the rest trigger in an integration, here, it's how you mentioned the request and response payrolls. Here, as you mentioned, the request and response belows. And if it is a, and if it is a soap trickle connection, if it is a soap trickle connection, what do you do? You would mention the security policy. You would mention the security policy here. Sorry, you would, if it is a sore connection, you would mention a whistle, you had a lot of we're still trying. And when we use that connection in integration, you choose a specific operation and that operation will determine. What would be the request and responsibility for your service? Any questions, please, on anyone? Any questions for you? Yeah, that's right. So we use the same for STPU use, uh, uh, of the authentication tour, by default, or in the real time also, and uh, so far, so we use any password code in the default, right? Correct. It's like 20%. So it means if we need to build tenants of integrations, then we need 10 different connections, right? Absolutely You're negative. Yep. Any other questions, please? We'll stop you for today's immune session. We will cover the miscellaneous options and then we get started with the dictation use case. Thank you.
